
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH badmin 8 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbadmin\fR
.sp 2
   Administrative tool for LSF.
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
badmin subcommand
.sp 2
badmin [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
      \fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
         This command can only be used by LSF administrators.
.sp 2
   badmin provides a set of subcommands to control and monitor
   LSF. If no subcommands are supplied for badmin, badmin prompts
   for a subcommand from standard input.
.sp 2
   Information about each subcommand is available through the
   help command.
.sp 2
   The badmin subcommands include privileged and non-privileged
   subcommands. Privileged subcommands can only be invoked by
   root or LSF administrators. Privileged subcommands are:
.sp 2
   reconfig
.sp 2
   mbdrestart
.sp 2
   qopen
.sp 2
   qclose
.sp 2
   qact
.sp 2
   qinact
.sp 2
   hopen
.sp 2
   hclose
.sp 2
   hrestart
.sp 2
   \fRhshutdown\fR
.sp 2
   hstartup
.sp 2
   hghostadd
.sp 2
   hghostdel
.sp 2
   diagnose
.sp 2
   The configuration file lsf.sudoers(5) must be set to use the
   privileged command hstartup by a non-root user.
.sp 2
   All other commands are non-privileged commands and can be
   invoked by any LSF user. If the privileged commands are to be
   executed by the LSF administrator, badmin must be installed,
   because it needs to send the request using a privileged port.
.sp 2
   For subcommands for which multiple hosts can be specified, do
   not enclose the host names in quotation marks.
.sp 2 .SH "Subcommand synopsis"
\fBSubcommand synopsis\fR
.sp 2
ckconfig [-v]
.sp 2
diagnose [job_ID ... | "job_ID[index]" ...]
.sp 2
reconfig [-v] [-f]
.sp 2
mbdrestart [-C comment] [-v] [-f]
.sp 2
qopen [-C comment] [queue_name ... | all]
.sp 2
qclose [-C comment] [queue_name ... | all]
.sp 2
qact [-C comment] [queue_name ... | all]
.sp 2
qinact [-C comment] [queue_name ... | all]
.sp 2
qhist [-t time0,time1] [-f logfile_name] [queue_name ...]
.sp 2
hopen [-C comment] [host_name ... | host_group ... | compute_unit
... | all]
.sp 2
hclose [-C comment] [host_name ... | host_group ... |
compute_unit ... | all]
.sp 2
hrestart [-f] [host_name ... | all]
.sp 2
hshutdown [-f] [host_name ... | all]
.sp 2
hstartup [-f] [host_name ... | all]
.sp 2
hhist [-t time0,time1] [-f logfile_name] [host_name ...]
.sp 2
mbdhist [-t time0,time1] [-f logfile_name]
.sp 2
hist [-t time0,time1] [-f logfile_name]
.sp 2
hghostadd [-C comment] host_group | compute_unit | host_name
[host_name ...]
.sp 2
hghostdel [-f] [-C comment] host_group | compute_unit | host_name
[host_name ...]
.sp 2
help [command ...] | ? [command ...]
.sp 2
quit
.sp 2
mbddebug [-c class_name ...] [-l debug_level] [-f logfile_name]
[-o]
.sp 2
mbdtime [-l timing_level] [-f logfile_name] [-o]
.sp 2
sbddebug [-c class_name ...] [-l debug_level] [-f logfile_name]
[-o] [host_name ...]
.sp 2
sbdtime [-l timing_level] [-f logfile_name] [-o] [host_name ...]
.sp 2
schddebug [-c class_name ...] [-l debug_level] [-f logfile_name]
[-o]
.sp 2
schdtime [-l timing_level] [-f logfile_name] [-o]
.sp 2
showconf mbd | [sbd [ host_name … | all ]]
.sp 2
perfmon start [sample_period]| stop | view | setperiod
sample_period
.sp 2
-h
.sp 2
-V
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB\fIsubcommand\fB\fR
.br
               Executes the specified subcommand. See Usage
               section.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Usage"
\fBUsage\fR
.sp 2
   \fBckconfig [-v]\fR
.br
               Checks LSF configuration files located in the
               LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir directory, and
               checks LSF_ENVDIR/lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
               The LSB_CONFDIR variable is defined in lsf.conf
               (see lsf.conf(5)), which is in LSF_ENVDIR or /etc
               (if LSF_ENVDIR is not defined).
.sp 2
               By default, badmin ckconfig displays only the
               result of the configuration file check. If warning
               errors are found, badmin prompts you to display
               detailed messages.
.sp 2
               \fB-v\fR
.br
                           Verbose mode. Displays detailed
                           messages about configuration file
                           checking to stderr.
.sp 2
   \fBdiagnose [\fIjob_ID\fB ... | "\fIjob_ID\fB]" ...][\fR
.br
               Displays full pending reason list if
               CONDENSE_PENDING_REASONS=Y is set in lsb.params.
               For example:
.sp 2
               badmin diagnose 1057
.sp 2
   \fBreconfig [-v] [-f]\fR
.br
               Dynamically reconfigures LSF.
.sp 2
               Configuration files are checked for errors and the
               results displayed to stderr. If no errors are
               found in the configuration files, a
               reconfiguration request is sent to mbatchd and
               configuration files are reloaded.
.sp 2
               With this option, mbatchd is not restarted and
               lsb.events is not replayed. To restart mbatchd and
               replay lsb.events, use badmin mbdrestart.
.sp 2
               When you issue this command, mbatchd is available
               to service requests while reconfiguration files
               are reloaded. Configuration changes made since
               system boot or the last reconfiguration take
               effect.
.sp 2
               If warning errors are found, badmin prompts you to
               display detailed messages. If fatal errors are
               found, reconfiguration is not performed, and
               badmin exits.
.sp 2
               If you add a host to a queue or to a host group or
               compute unit, the new host is not recognized by
               jobs that were submitted before you reconfigured.
               If you want the new host to be recognized, you
               must use the command badmin mbdrestart.
.sp 2
               Resource requirements determined by the queue no
               longer apply to a running job after running badmin
               reconfig, For example, if you change the RES_REQ
               parameter in a queue and reconfigure the cluster,
               the previous queue-level resource requirements for
               running jobs are lost.
.sp 2
               \fB-v\fR
.br
                           Verbose mode. Displays detailed
                           messages about the status of the
                           configuration files. Without this
                           option, the default is to display the
                           results of configuration file
                           checking. All messages from the
                           configuration file check are printed
                           to stderr.
.sp 2
               \fB-f\fR
.br
                           Disables interaction and proceeds with
                           reconfiguration if configuration files
                           contain no fatal errors.
.sp 2
   \fBmbdrestart [-C \fIcomment\fB] [-v] [-f]\fR
.br
               Dynamically reconfigures LSF and restarts mbatchd
               and mbschd.
.sp 2
               Configuration files are checked for errors and the
               results printed to stderr. If no errors are found,
               configuration files are reloaded, mbatchd and
               mbschd are restarted, and events in lsb.events are
               replayed to recover the running state of the last
               mbatchd. While mbatchd restarts, it is unavailable
               to service requests.
.sp 2
               If warning errors are found, badmin prompts you to
               display detailed messages. If fatal errors are
               found, mbatchd and mbschd restart is not
               performed, and badmin exits.
.sp 2
               If lsb.events is large, or many jobs are running,
               restarting mbatchd can take several minutes. If
               you only need to reload the configuration files,
               use badmin reconfig.
.sp 2
               \fB-C comment\fR
.br
                           Logs the text of comment as an
                           administrator comment record to
                           lsb.events. The maximum length of the
                           comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
               \fB-v \fR
.br
                           Verbose mode. Displays detailed
                           messages about the status of
                           configuration files. All messages from
                           configuration checking are printed to
                           stderr.
.sp 2
               \fB-f\fR
.br
                           Disables interaction and forces
                           reconfiguration and mbatchd restart to
                           proceed if configuration files contain
                           no fatal errors.
.sp 2
   \fBqopen [-C \fIcomment\fB] [\fIqueue_name\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
               Opens specified queues, or all queues if the
               reserved word all is specified. If no queue is
               specified, the system default queue is assumed. A
               queue can accept batch jobs only if it is open.
.sp 2
               \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                           Logs the text of comment as an
                           administrator comment record to
                           lsb.events. The maximum length of the
                           comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
   \fBqclose [-C \fIcomment\fB] [\fIqueue_name\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
               Closes specified queues, or all queues if the
               reserved word all is specified. If no queue is
               specified, the system default queue is assumed. A
               queue does not accept any job if it is closed.
.sp 2
               \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                           Logs the text as an administrator
                           comment record to lsb.events. The
                           maximum length of the comment string
                           is 512 characters.
.sp 2
   \fBqact [-C \fIcomment\fB] [\fIqueue_name\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
               Activates specified queues, or all queues if the
               reserved word all is specified. If no queue is
               specified, the system default queue is assumed.
               Jobs in a queue can be dispatched if the queue is
               activated.
.sp 2
               A queue inactivated by its run windows cannot be
               reactivated by this command.
.sp 2
               \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                           Logs the text of the comment as an
                           administrator comment record to
                           lsb.events. The maximum length of the
                           comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
   \fBqinact [-C \fIcomment\fB] [\fIqueue_name\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
               Inactivates specified queues, or all queues if the
               reserved word all is specified. If no queue is
               specified, the system default queue is assumed. No
               job in a queue can be dispatched if the queue is
               inactivated.
.sp 2
               \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                           Logs the text as an administrator
                           comment record to lsb.events. The
                           maximum length of the comment string
                           is 512 characters.
.sp 2
   \fBqhist [-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB] [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB]
   [\fIqueue_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
               Displays historical events for specified queues,
               or for all queues if no queue is specified. Queue
               events are queue opening, closing, activating and
               inactivating.
.sp 2
               \fB-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB\fR
.br
                           Displays only those events that
                           occurred during the period from
                           \fItime0\fR to \fItime1\fR. See
                           bhist(1) for the time format. The
                           default is to display all queue events
                           in the event log file.
.sp 2
               \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                           Specify the file name of the event log
                           file. Either an absolute or a relative
                           path name may be specified. The
                           default is to use the event log file
                           currently used by the LSF system:
                           LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir/lsb.events.
                           Option -f is useful for offline
                           analysis.
.sp 2
               If you specified an administrator comment with the
               -C option of the queue control commands qclose,
               qopen, qact, and qinact, qhist displays the
               comment text.
.sp 2
   \fBhopen [-C \fIcomment\fB] [\fIhost_name\fB ... |
   \fIhost_group\fB ... | \fIcompute_unit\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
               Opens batch server hosts. Specify the names of any
               server hosts, host groups, or compute units. All
               batch server hosts are opened if the reserved word
               all is specified. If no host, host group, or
               compute unit is specified, the local host is
               assumed. A host accepts batch jobs if it is open.
.sp 2
                  \fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
                     If EGO-enabled SLA scheduling is configured
                     through ENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA in
                     lsb.params, and a host is closed by EGO, it
                     cannot be reopened by badmin hopen. Hosts
                     closed by EGO have status closed_EGO in
                     bhosts -l output.
.sp 2
   \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
               Logs the text as an administrator comment record
               to lsb.events. The maximum length of the comment
               string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
               If you open a host group or compute unit, each
               member displays with the same comment string.
.sp 2
   \fBhclose [-C \fIcomment\fB] [\fIhost_name\fB ... |
   \fIhost_group\fB ... | \fIcompute_unit\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
               Closes batch server hosts. Specify the names of
               any server hosts, host groups, or compute units.
               All batch server hosts are closed if the reserved
               word all is specified. If no argument is
               specified, the local host is assumed. A closed
               host does not accept any new job, but jobs already
               dispatched to the host are not affected. Note that
               this is different from a host closed by a window;
               all jobs on it are suspended in that case.
.sp 2
   \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
               Logs the text as an administrator comment record
               to lsb.events. The maximum length of the comment
               string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
               If you close a host group or compute unit, each
               member displays with the same comment string.
.sp 2
   \fBhghostadd [-C \fIcomment\fB] \fIhost_group\fB |
   \fIcompute_unit\fB |\fIhost_name\fB [\fIhost_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
               If dynamic host configuration is enabled,
               dynamically adds hosts to a host group or compute
               unit. After receiving the host information from
               the master LIM, mbatchd dynamically adds the host
               without triggering a reconfig.
.sp 2
               Once the host is added to the host group or
               compute unit, it is considered part of that group
               with respect to scheduling decision making for
               both newly submitted jobs and for existing pending
               jobs.
.sp 2
               This command fails if any of the specified host
               groups, compute units, or host names are not
               valid.
.sp 2
                  \fBRestriction: \fR
.sp 2
                     If EGO-enabled SLA scheduling is configured
                     through ENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA in
                     lsb.params, you cannot use hghostadd because
                     all host allocation is under control of
                     Platform EGO.
.sp 2
   \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
               Logs the text\fI\fR as an administrator comment
               record to lsb.events. The maximum length of the
               comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
   \fBhghostdel [-f] [-C \fIcomment\fB] \fIhost_group\fB |
   \fIcompute_unit\fB |\fIhost_name\fB [\fIhost_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
               Dynamically deletes hosts from a host group or
               compute unit by triggering an mbatchd reconfig.
.sp 2
               This command fails if any of the specified host
               groups, compute units, or host names are not
               valid.
.sp 2
                  \fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
                     If you want to change a dynamic host to a
                     static host, first use the command badmin
                     hghostdel to remove the dynamic host from
                     any host group or compute unit that it
                     belongs to, and then configure the host as a
                     static host in
                     lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR.
.sp 2
                  \fBRestriction: \fR
.sp 2
                     If EGO-enabled SLA scheduling is configured
                     through ENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA in
                     lsb.params, you cannot use hghostdel because
                     all host allocation is under control of
                     Platform EGO.
.sp 2
               \fB-f\fR
.br
                           Disables interaction and does not ask
                           for confirmation when reconfiguring
                           the mbatchd.
.sp 2
               \fB-C \fIcomment\fB\fR
.br
                           Logs the text\fI\fR as an
                           administrator comment record to
                           lsb.events. The maximum length of the
                           comment string is 512 characters.
.sp 2
   \fBhrestart [-f] [\fIhost_name\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
               Restarts sbatchd on the specified hosts, or on all
               server hosts if the reserved word all is
               specified. If no host is specified, the local host
               is assumed. sbatchd reruns itself from the
               beginning. This allows new sbatchd binaries to be
               used.
.sp 2
               \fB-f\fR
.br
                           Specify the name of the file into
                           which timing messages are to be
                           logged. A file name with or without a
                           full path may be specified.
.sp 2
                           If a file name without a path is
                           specified, the file is saved in the
                           LSF system log file directory.
.sp 2
                           The name of the file created has the
                           following format:
.sp 2
                           \fIlogfile_name.daemon_name.\fRlog\fI.host_name\fR
.sp 2
                           On UNIX, if the specified path is not
                           valid, the log file is created in the
                           /tmp directory.
.sp 2
                           On Windows, if the specified path is
                           not valid, no log file is created.
.sp 2
                           \fINote: \fRBoth timing and debug
                           messages are logged in the same files.
.sp 2
                           Default: current LSF system log file
                           in the LSF system log file directory,
                           in the format
                           \fIdaemon_name.\fRlog\fI.host_name\fR.
.sp 2
   \fBhshutdown [-f] [\fIhost_name\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
               Shuts down sbatchd on the specified hosts, or on
               all batch server hosts if the reserved word all is
               specified. If no host is specified, the local host
               is assumed. sbatchd exits upon receiving the
               request.
.sp 2
               \fB-f\fR
.br
                           Disables interaction and does not ask
                           for confirmation for shutting down
                           sbatchd.
.sp 2
   \fBhstartup [-f] [\fIhost_name\fB ... | all]\fR
.br
               Starts sbatchd on the specified hosts, or on all
               batch server hosts if the reserved word all is
               specified. Only root and users listed in the file
               lsf.sudoers(5) can use the all and -f options.
               These users must be able to use rsh or ssh on all
               LSF hosts without having to type in passwords. If
               no host is specified, the local host is assumed.
.sp 2
               The shell command specified by LSF_RSH in lsf.conf
               is used before rsh is tried.
.sp 2
               \fB-f\fR
.br
                           Disables interaction and does not ask
                           for confirmation for starting sbatchd.
.sp 2
   \fBhhist [-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB] [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB]
   [\fIhost_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
               Displays historical events for specified hosts, or
               for all hosts if no host is specified. Host events
               are host opening and closing.
.sp 2
               \fB-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB\fR
.br
                           Displays only those events that
                           occurred during the period from
                           \fItime0\fR to \fItime1\fR. See
                           bhist(1) for the time format. The
                           default is to display all queue events
                           in the event log file.
.sp 2
               \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                           Specify the file name of the event log
                           file. Either an absolute or a relative
                           path name may be specified. The
                           default is to use the event log file
                           currently used by the LSF system:
                           LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir/lsb.events.
                           Option -f is useful for offline
                           analysis.
.sp 2
               If you specified an administrator comment with the
               -C option of the host control commands hclose or
               hopen, hhist displays the comment text.
.sp 2
   \fBmbdhist [-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB] [-f
   \fIlogfile_name\fB]\fR
.br
               Displays historical events for mbatchd. Events
               describe the starting and exiting of mbatchd.
.sp 2
               \fB-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB\fR
.br
                           Displays only those events that
                           occurred during the period from
                           \fItime0\fR to \fItime1\fR. See
                           bhist(1) for the time format. The
                           default is to display all queue events
                           in the event log file.
.sp 2
               \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                           Specify the file name of the event log
                           file. Either an absolute or a relative
                           path name may be specified. The
                           default is to use the event log file
                           currently used by the LSF system:
                           LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir/lsb.events.
                           Option -f is useful for offline
                           analysis.
.sp 2
               If you specified an administrator comment with the
               -C option of the mbdrestart command, mbdhist
               displays the comment text.
.sp 2
   \fBhist [-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB] [-f
   \fIlogfile_name\fB]\fR
.br
               Displays historical events for all the queues,
               hosts and mbatchd.
.sp 2
               \fB-t \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB\fR
.br
                           Displays only those events that
                           occurred during the period from
                           \fItime0\fR to \fItime1\fR. See
                           bhist(1) for the time format. The
                           default is to display all queue events
                           in the event log file.
.sp 2
               \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                           Specify the file name of the event log
                           file. Either an absolute or a relative
                           path name may be specified. The
                           default is to use the event log file
                           currently used by the LSF system:
                           LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir/lsb.events.
                           Option -f is useful for offline
                           analysis.
.sp 2
               If you specified an administrator comment with the
               -C option of the queue, host, and mbatchd
               commands, hist displays the comment text.
.sp 2
   \fBhelp [\fIcommand\fB ...] | ? [\fIcommand\fB ...]\fR
.br
               Displays the syntax and functionality of the
               specified commands.
.sp 2
   \fBquit\fR
.br
               Exits the badmin session.
.sp 2
   \fBmbddebug [-c \fIclass_name\fB ...] [-l \fIdebug_level\fB]
   [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB] [-o]\fR
.br
               Sets message log level for mbatchd to include
               additional information in log files. You must be
               root or the LSF administrator to use this command.
.sp 2
               See sddebug for an explanation of options.
.sp 2
   \fBmbdtime [-l \fItiming_level\fB] [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB]
   [-o]\fR
.br
               Sets timing level for mbatchd to include
               additional timing information in log files. You
               must be root or the LSF administrator to use this
               command.
.sp 2
   \fBsbddebug [-c \fIclass_name\fB ...] [-l \fIdebug_level\fB]
   [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB] [-o] [\fIhost_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
               Sets the message log level for sbatchd to include
               additional information in log files. You must be
               root or the LSF administrator to use this command.
.sp 2
               In MultiCluster, debug levels can only be set for
               hosts within the same cluster. For example, you
               cannot set debug or timing levels from a host in
               clusterA for a host in clusterB. You need to be on
               a host in clusterB to set up debug or timing
               levels for clusterB hosts.
.sp 2
               If the command is used without any options, the
               following default values are used:
.sp 2
               \fIclass_name\fR=0 (no additional classes are
               logged)
.sp 2
               \fIdebug_level\fR=0 (LOG_DEBUG level in parameter
               LSF_LOG_MASK)
.sp 2
               \fIlogfile_name\fR=current LSF system log file in
               the LSF system log file directory, in the format
               \fIdaemon_name\fR\fR.log.\fR\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2
               \fIhost_name\fR=local host (host from which
               command was submitted)
.sp 2
               \fB-c \fIclass_name\fB ...\fR
.br
                           Specifies software classes for which
                           debug messages are to be logged.
.sp 2
                           Format of \fIclass_name \fRis the name
                           of a class, or a list of class names
                           separated by spaces and enclosed in
                           quotation marks. Classes are also
                           listed in \fRlsf.h\fR.
.sp 2
                           Valid log classes are:
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_ADVRSV - Log advance
                                 reservation modifications
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_AFS - Log AFS messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_AUTH - Log authentication
                                 messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_CHKPNT - Log checkpointing
                                 messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_COMM - Log communication
                                 messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_DCE - Log messages pertaining
                                 to DCE support
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_EEVENTD - Log eeventd
                                 messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_ELIM - Log ELIM messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_EXEC - Log significant steps
                                 for job execution
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_FAIR - Log fairshare policy
                                 messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_FILE - Log file transfer
                                 messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_FLEX - Log messages related
                                 to Flex LM
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_HANG - Mark where a program
                                 might hang
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_JARRAY - Log job array
                                 messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_JLIMIT - Log job slot limit
                                 messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_LICENSE - Log license
                                 management messages (LC_LICENCE
                                 is also supported for backward
                                 compatibility)
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_LOADINDX - Log load index
                                 messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_M_LOG - Log multievent
                                 logging messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_MEMORY - Log messages related
                                 to MEMORY allocation
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_MPI - Log MPI messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_MULTI - Log messages
                                 pertaining to MultiCluster
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_PEND - Log messages related
                                 to job pending reasons
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_PERFM - Log performance
                                 messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_PIM - Log PIM messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_PREEMPT - Log preemption
                                 policy messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_RESOURCE - Log messages
                                 related to resource broker
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_RESREQ - Log resource
                                 requirement messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_SCHED - Log messages
                                 pertaining to the mbatchd
                                 scheduler.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_SIGNAL - Log messages
                                 pertaining to signals
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_SYS - Log system call
                                 messages
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_TRACE - Log significant
                                 program walk steps
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_XDR - Log everything
                                 transferred by XDR
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 LC_XDRVERSION - Log messages for
                                 XDR version
.sp 2
                           Default: 0 (no additional classes are
                           logged)
.sp 2
               \fB-l \fIdebug_level\fB\fR
.br
                           Specifies level of detail in debug
                           messages. The higher the number, the
                           more detail that is logged. Higher
                           levels include all lower levels.
.sp 2
                           Possible values:
.sp 2
                           0 LOG_DEBUG level in parameter
                           LSF_LOG_MASK in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
                           1 LOG_DEBUG1 level for extended
                           logging. A higher level includes lower
                           logging levels. For example,
                           LOG_DEBUG3 includes LOG_DEBUG2
                           LOG_DEBUG1, and LOG_DEBUG levels.
.sp 2
                           \fR2 \fRLOG_DEBUG2 level for extended
                           logging. A higher level includes lower
                           logging levels. For example,
                           LOG_DEBUG3 includes LOG_DEBUG2
                           LOG_DEBUG1, and LOG_DEBUG levels.
.sp 2
                           \fR3 \fRLOG_DEBUG3 level for extended
                           logging. A higher level includes lower
                           logging levels. For example,
                           LOG_DEBUG3 includes LOG_DEBUG2,
                           LOG_DEBUG1, and LOG_DEBUG levels.
.sp 2
                           Default: 0 (LOG_DEBUG level in
                           parameter LSF_LOG_MASK)
.sp 2
               \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                           Specify the name of the file into
                           which debugging messages are to be
                           logged. A file name with or without a
                           full path may be specified.
.sp 2
                           If a file name without a path is
                           specified, the file is saved in the
                           LSF system log directory.
.sp 2
                           The name of the file that is created
                           has the following format:
.sp 2
                           \fIlogfile_name.daemon_name.\fR\fRlog\fR\fI.host_name\fR
.sp 2
                           On UNIX, if the specified path is not
                           valid, the log file is created in the
                           /tmp directory.
.sp 2
                           On Windows, if the specified path is
                           not valid, no log file is created.
.sp 2
                           Default: current LSF system log file
                           in the LSF system log file directory.
.sp 2
               \fB-o\fR
.br
                           Turns off temporary debug settings and
                           resets them to the daemon starting
                           state. The message log level is reset
                           back to the value of LSF_LOG_MASK and
                           classes are reset to the value of
                           LSB_DEBUG_MBD, LSB_DEBUG_SBD.
.sp 2
                           The log file is also reset back to the
                           default log file.
.sp 2
               \fB\fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
                           Optional. Sets debug settings on the
                           specified host or hosts.
.sp 2
                           Lists of host names must be separated
                           by spaces and enclosed in quotation
                           marks.
.sp 2
                           Default: local host (host from which
                           command was submitted)
.sp 2
   \fBsbdtime [-l \fItiming_level\fB] [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB]
   [-o] [\fIhost_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
               Sets the timing level for sbatchd to include
               additional timing information in log files. You
               must be root or the LSF administrator to use this
               command.
.sp 2
               In MultiCluster, timing levels can only be set for
               hosts within the same cluster. For example, you
               could not set debug or timing levels from a host
               in clusterA for a host in clusterB. You need to be
               on a host in clusterB to set up debug or timing
               levels for clusterB hosts.
.sp 2
               If the command is used without any options, the
               following default values are used:
.sp 2
               \fItiming_level\fR=no timing information is
               recorded
.sp 2
               \fIlogfile_name\fR=current LSF system log file in
               the LSF system log file directory, in the format
               \fIdaemon_name.\fR\fRlog\fR\fI.host_name\fR
.sp 2
               \fIhost_name=\fRlocal host (host from which
               command was submitted)
.sp 2
               \fB-l \fItiming_level\fB\fR
.br
                           Specifies detail of timing information
                           that is included in log files. Timing
                           messages indicate the execution time
                           of functions in the software and are
                           logged in milliseconds.
.sp 2
                           Valid values: 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
.sp 2
                           The higher the number, the more
                           functions in the software that are
                           timed and whose execution time is
                           logged. The lower numbers include more
                           common software functions. Higher
                           levels include all lower levels.
.sp 2
                           Default: undefined (no timing
                           information is logged)
.sp 2
               \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB\fR
.br
                           Specify the name of the file into
                           which timing messages are to be
                           logged. A file name with or without a
                           full path may be specified.
.sp 2
                           If a file name without a path is
                           specified, the file is saved in the
                           LSF system log file directory.
.sp 2
                           The name of the file created has the
                           following format:
.sp 2
                           \fIlogfile_name.daemon_name.\fRlog\fI.host_name\fR
.sp 2
                           On UNIX, if the specified path is not
                           valid, the log file is created in the
                           /tmp directory.
.sp 2
                           On Windows, if the specified path is
                           not valid, no log file is created.
.sp 2
                           \fINote: \fRBoth timing and debug
                           messages are logged in the same files.
.sp 2
                           Default: current LSF system log file
                           in the LSF system log file directory,
                           in the format
                           \fIdaemon_name.\fRlog\fI.host_name\fR.
.sp 2
               \fB-o\fR
.br
                           Optional. Turn off temporary timing
                           settings and reset them to the daemon
                           starting state. The timing level is
                           reset back to the value of the
                           parameter for the corresponding daemon
                           (LSB_TIME_MBD, LSB_TIME_SBD).
.sp 2
                           The log file is also reset back to the
                           default log file.
.sp 2
               \fB\fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
                           Sets the timing level on the specified
                           host or hosts.
.sp 2
                           Lists of hosts must be separated by
                           spaces and enclosed in quotation
                           marks.
.sp 2
                           Default: local host (host from which
                           command was submitted)
.sp 2
   \fBschddebug [-c \fIclass_name\fB ...] [-l \fIdebug_level\fB]
   [-f \fIlogfile_name\fB] [-o]\fR
.br
               Sets message log level for mbschd to include
               additional information in log files. You must be
               root or the LSF administrator to use this command.
.sp 2
               See sbddebug for an explanation of options.
.sp 2
   \fBschdtime [-l \fItiming_level\fB] [-f] [-o] \fR
.br
               Sets timing level for mbschd to include additional
               timing information in log files. You must be root
               or the LSF administrator to use this command.
.sp 2
               See sbdtime for an explanation of options.
.sp 2
   \fBshowconf mbd | [sbd [ \fIhost_name\fB … | all ]]\fR
.br
               Display all configured parameters and their values
               set in lsf.conf or ego.conf that affect mbatchd
               and sbatchd.
.sp 2
               In a MultiCluster environment, badmin showconf
               only displays the parameters of daemons on the
               local cluster.
.sp 2
               Running badmin showconf from a master candidate
               host reaches all server hosts in the cluster.
               Running badmin showconf from a slave-only host may
               not be able to reach other slave-only hosts.
.sp 2
               badmin showconf only displays the values used by
               LSF.
.sp 2
               For example, if you define LSF_MASTER_LIST in
               lsf.conf, and EGO_MASTER_LIST in ego.conf, badmin
               showconf displays the value of EGO_MASTER_LIST.
.sp 2
               badmin showconf displays the value of
               EGO_MASTER_LIST from wherever it is defined. You
               can define either LSF_MASTER_LIST or
               EGO_MASTER_LIST in lsf.conf. LIM reads lsf.conf
               first, and ego.conf if EGO is enabled in the LSF
               cluster. The value of LSF_MASTER_LIST is displayed
               only if EGO_MASTER_LIST is not defined at all in
               ego.conf.
.sp 2
               For example, if EGO is enabled in the LSF cluster,
               and you define LSF_MASTER_LIST in lsf.conf, and
               EGO_MASTER_LIST in ego.conf, badmin showconf
               displays the value of EGO_MASTER_LIST in ego.conf.
.sp 2
               If EGO is disabled, ego.conf not loaded, so
               whatever is defined in lsf.conf is displayed.
.sp 2
   \fBperfmon start [\fIsample_period\fB] | stop | view |
   setperiod \fIsample_period\fB\fR
.br
               Dynamically enables and controls scheduler
               performance metric collection.
.sp 2
               Collecting and recording performance metric data
               may affect the performance of LSF. Smaller
               sampling periods results in the lsb.streams file
               growing faster.
.sp 2
               The following metrics are collected and recorded
               in each sample period:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The number of queries handled by mbatchd
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The number of queries for each of jobs,
                     queues, and hosts. (bjobs, bqueues, and
                     bhosts, as well as other daemon requests)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The number of jobs submitted (divided into
                     job submission requests and jobs actually
                     submitted)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The number of jobs dispatched
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The number of jobs completed
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The numbers of jobs sent to remote cluster
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The numbers of jobs accepted by from cluster
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The file descriptors used by \fRmbatchd\fR
.sp 2
               \fBstart [\fIsample_period\fB]\fR
.br
                           Start performance metric collection
                           dynamically and specifies an optional
                           sampling period in seconds for
                           performance metric collection.
.sp 2
                           If no sampling period is specified,
                           the default period set in
                           \fBSCHED_METRIC_SAMPLE_PERIOD\fR in
                           lsb.params is used.
.sp 2
               \fBstop\fR
.br
                           Stop performance metric collection
                           dynamically.
.sp 2
               \fBview\fR
.br
                           Display real time performance metric
                           information for the current sampling
                           period
.sp 2
               \fBsetperiod \fIsample_period\fB\fR
.br
                           Set a new sampling period in seconds.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bqueues, bhosts, lsb.params, lsb.queues, lsb.hosts, lsf.conf,
   lsf.cluster, sbatchd, mbatchd, mbschd
.sp 2
