
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH blaunch 8 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBblaunch\fR
.sp 2
   launches parallel tasks on a set of hosts
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
blaunch [-n] [-u host_file | -z host_name ... | host_name]
[-use-login-shell | -no-shell ] command [argument ...]
.sp 2
blaunch [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
      \fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
         You cannot run blaunch directly from the command line.
.sp 2
      \fBRestriction: \fR
.sp 2
         The command blaunch does not work with user account
         mapping. Do not run blaunch on a user account mapping
         host.
.sp 2
   Most MPI implementations and many distributed applications use
   rsh and ssh as their task launching mechanism. The blaunch
   command provides a drop-in replacement for rsh and ssh as a
   transparent method for launching parallel applications within
   LSF.
.sp 2
   blaunch supports the following core command line options as
   rsh and ssh:
.sp 2
     o  
         rsh \fIhost_name\fR \fIcommand\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         ssh \fIhost_name\fR \fIcommand\fR
.sp 2
   All other rsh and ssh options are silently ignored.
.sp 2
   blaunch transparently connects directly to the RES/SBD on the
   remote host, and subsequently creates and tracks the remote
   tasks, and provides the connection back to LSF. You do not
   need to insert pam, taskstarter or any other wrapper.
.sp 2
   blaunch only works under LSF. It can only be used to launch
   tasks on remote hosts that are part of a job allocation. It
   cannot be used as a standalone command.
.sp 2
   When no host names are specified, LSF runs tasks on all
   allocated hosts, one remote task per job slot.
.sp 2
   Windows: blaunch is supported on Windows 2000 or later with
   the following exceptions:
.sp 2
     o  
         Only the following signals are supported: SIGKILL,
         SIGSTOP, SIGCONT.
.sp 2
     o  
         The -n option is not supported.
.sp 2
     o  
         CMD.EXE /C <user command line> is used as intermediate
         command shell when:
.sp 2
           o  
               -no-shell is not specified
.sp 2
     o  
         CMD.EXE /C is not used when -no-shell is specified.
.sp 2
     o  
         Windows Vista User Account Control must be configured
         correctly to run jobs.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-n \fR
.br
               Standard input is taken from /dev/null. (Not
               supported on Windows.)
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIhost_file \fB\fR
.br
               Executes the task on all hosts listed in the
               \fIhost_file\fR.
.sp 2
               Specify the path to a file that contains a list of
               host names. Each host name must listed on a
               separator line in the host list file.
.sp 2
               This option is exclusive of the -z option.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
               The name of the host where remote tasks are to be
               launched.
.sp 2
   \fB-z \fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
               Executes the task on all specified hosts.
.sp 2
               Whereas the host name value for rsh and ssh is a
               single host name, you can use the -z option to
               specify a space-delimited list of hosts where
               tasks are started in parallel.
.sp 2
               Specify a list of hosts on which to execute the
               task. If multiple host names are specified, the
               host names must be enclosed by quotation marks ("
               or ') and separated by white space.
.sp 2
               This option is exclusive of the -u option.
.sp 2
   \fB-use-login-shell \fR
.br
               Launches commands through user's login shell.
.sp 2
               Only applies to UNIX and Linux hosts.
.sp 2
   \fB-no-shell \fR
.br
               Launches commands without any intermediate shell.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIcommand\fB [\fIargument\fB ...]\fR
.br
               Specify the command to execute. This must be the
               last argument on the command line.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Diagnostics"
\fBDiagnostics\fR
.sp 2
   Exit status is 0 if all commands are executed correctly.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   \fRlsb_getalloc\fR, \fRlsb_launch\fR
.sp 2
