
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH brsvadd 8 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbrsvadd\fR
.sp 2
   adds an advance reservation
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
brsvadd [-o] [-d "description"] [-N reservation_name]
.sp 2
  {-s | -n job_slots {-u user_name | -g group_name}}
.sp 2
  {-m "host_name | host_group ..." [-R "res_req"] |
.sp 2
  [-m "host_name | host_group ..."] -R "res_req"}
.sp 2
  {-b begin_time -e end_time | -t time_window}
.sp 2
brsvadd {-h | -V}
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
      \fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
         By default, this command can only be used by LSF
         administrators or root.
.sp 2
   Reserves job slots in advance for a specified period of time
   for a user or user group, or for system maintenance purposes.
   Use -b and -e for one-time reservations, and -t for recurring
   reservations.
.sp 2
   To allow users to create their own advance reservations
   without administrator intervention, configure advance
   reservation policies in the ResourceReservation section of
   lsb.resources.
.sp 2
   Only administrators, root, or the users listed in the
   ResourceReservation section can add reservations for
   themselves or any other user or user group.
.sp 2
      \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
         Advance reservations should be 10 minutes or more in
         length. Advance reservations of less than 10 minutes may
         be rejected if they overlap other advance reservations
         in 10-minute time slots of the weekly planner.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-o\fR
.br
               Creates an open advance reservation. A job with an
               open advance reservation only has the advance
               reservation property during the reservation
               window, after which the job becomes a normal job,
               not subject to termination when the reservation
               window closes.
.sp 2
               This prevents jobs from being killed if the
               reservation window is too small. Instead, the job
               is suspended and normal scheduling policies apply
               after the reservation window.
.sp 2
   \fB-s\fR
.br
               Creates a reservation for system use. LSF does not
               dispatch jobs to the specified hosts while the
               reservation is active.
.sp 2
               When specifying a system reservation with -s, you
               do not need to specify the number of job slots to
               reserve with the -n option.
.sp 2
   \fB-b \fIbegin_time\fB\fR
.br
               Begin time for a one-time reservation. The begin
               time is in the form
.sp 2
               [[[year:]month:]day:]hour:minute
.sp 2
               with the following ranges:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIyear\fR: any year after 1900 (YYYY)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fImonth\fR: 1-12 (MM)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIday of the month\fR: 1-31 (dd)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR: 0-23 (hh)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIminute\fR: 0-59 (mm)
.sp 2
               You must specify at least hour:minute. Year,
               month, and day are optional. Three fields are
               assumed to be day:hour:minute, four fields are
               assumed to be month:day:hour:minute, and five
               fields are year:month:day:hour:minute.
.sp 2
               If you do not specify a day, LSF assumes the
               current day. If you do not specify a month, LSF
               assumes the current month. If you specify a year,
               you must specify a month.
.sp 2
               The time value for -b must use the same syntax as
               the time value for -e. It must be earlier than the
               time value for -e, and cannot be earlier than the
               current time.
.sp 2
   \fB-d "\fIdescription\fB"\fR
.br
               Specifies a description for the reservation to be
               created. The description must be provided as a
               double quoted text string. The maximum length is
               512 characters.
.sp 2
   \fB-e \fIend_time\fB\fR
.br
               End time for a one-time reservation. The end time
               is in the form
.sp 2
               [[[year:]month:]day:]hour:minute
.sp 2
               with the following ranges:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIyear\fR: any year after 1900 (YYYY)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fImonth\fR: 1-12 (MM)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIday of the month\fR: 1-31 (dd)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR: 0-23 (hh)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIminute\fR: 0-59 (mm)
.sp 2
               You must specify at least hour:minute. Year,
               month, and day are optional. Three fields are
               assumed to be day:hour:minute, four fields are
               assumed to be month:day:hour:minute, and five
               fields are year:month:day:hour:minute.
.sp 2
               If you do not specify a day, LSF assumes the
               current day. If you do not specify a month, LSF
               assumes the current month. If you specify a year,
               you must specify a month.
.sp 2
               The time value for -e must use the same syntax as
               the time value for -b. It must be later than the
               time value for -b.
.sp 2
   \fB-g \fIgroup_name\fB\fR
.br
               Creates a reservation for a user group.
.sp 2
               The -g \fIgroup_name\fR option does not support
               the @cluster notation for advance reservations on
               remote clusters.
.sp 2
   \fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB | \fIhost_group\fB ..."\fR
.br
               Lists hosts for which job slots specified with -n
               are reserved. At job submission, LSF considers the
               hosts in the specified order.
.sp 2
               If you also specify a resource requirement string
               with the -R option, -m is optional.
.sp 2
               The hosts can be local to the cluster or hosts
               leased from remote clusters.
.sp 2
   \fB-N \fIreservation_name\fB\fR
.br
               Specifies a user-defined advance reservation name
               unique in an LSF cluster. The name is a string of
               letters, numeric characters, underscores, and
               dashes beginning with a letter. The maximum length
               of the name is 40 characters.
.sp 2
               If no user-defined advance reservation name is
               specified, LSF creates the reservation with a
               system assigned name with the form
.sp 2
               user_name#sequence
.sp 2
               For example:
.sp 2
               brsvadd -n 3 -m "hostA hostB" -u user2 -b 16:0 -e 17:0 -d "Production AR test"
.sp 2
               Reservation user2#0 (Production AR test) is created
.sp 2
               brsvadd -n 2 -N Production_AR -m hostA -u user2 -b 16:0 -e 17:0 -d "Production AR test"
.sp 2
               Reservation Production_AR (Production AR test) is created
.sp 2
               If a job already exists that references a
               reservation with the specified name, an error
               message is returned: The specified reservation
               name is referenced by a job.
.sp 2
   \fB-n \fIjob_slots\fB\fR
.br
               Number of job slots to reserve. \fIjob_slots\fR
               must be less than or equal to the actual number of
               job slots for the hosts selected by -m or -R for
               the reservation.
.sp 2
               If you also specify the reservation for system use
               with the -s option, -n is optional.
.sp 2
   \fB-R "\fIres_req\fB"\fR
.br
               Selects hosts for the reservation according to the
               specified resource requirements. Only hosts that
               satisfy the resource requirement expression are
               reserved. -R accepts any valid resource
               requirement string, but only the select string
               takes effect.
.sp 2
               If you also specify a host list with the -m
               option, -R is optional.
.sp 2
               For more information about specifying resource
               requirement strings, see Administering Platform
               LSF.
.sp 2
               The size of the resource requirement string is
               limited to 512 bytes.
.sp 2
   \fB-t \fItime_window\fB\fR
.br
               Time window for a recurring reservation.
.sp 2
               To specify a time window, specify two time values
               separated by a hyphen (-), with no space in
               between:
.sp 2
               time_window = begin_time-end_time
.sp 2
               Times are specified in the format:
.sp 2
               [day:]hour[:minute]
.sp 2
               where all fields are numbers with the following
               ranges:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIday of the week\fR: 0-6 (0 is Sunday)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR: 0-23
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIminute\fR: 0-59
.sp 2
               Specify a time window one of the following ways:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR-\fIhour\fR
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR
.sp 2
               The default value for minute is 0 (on the hour);
               the default value for day is every day of the
               week.
.sp 2
               You must specify at least the hour. Day of the
               week and minute are optional. Both the start time
               and end time values must use the same syntax. If
               you do not specify a minute, LSF assumes the first
               minute of the hour (\fR:00\fR). If you do not
               specify a day, LSF assumes every day of the week.
               If you do specify the day, you must also specify
               the minute.
.sp 2
               LSF administrators can prevent running jobs from
               being killed when the reservation expires by
               changing the termination time of the job using the
               reservation (bmod -t) before the reservation
               window closes.
.sp 2
               When the job starts running, the run limit of the
               reservation is set to the minimum of the job run
               limit (if specified), the queue run limit (if
               specified), or the duration of the time window.
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB\fR
.br
               Creates a reservation for an individual user.
.sp 2
               The -u \fIuser_name\fR option does not support the
               @cluster notation for advance reservations on
               remote clusters.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   The following command creates a one-time advance reservation
   for 1024 job slots on host \fRhostA\fR for user \fRuser1\fR
   between 6:00 a.m. and 8:00 a.m. today:
.sp 2
   brsvadd -n 1024 -m hostA -u user1 -b 6:0 -e 8:0
.sp 2
   Reservation "user1#0" is created
.sp 2
   The hosts specified by -m can be local to the cluster or hosts
   leased from remote clusters.
.sp 2
   The following command creates an advance reservation for 1024
   job slots on two hosts \fRhostA\fR and \fRhostB\fR for user
   group \fRgroupA\fR every Wednesday from 12:00 midnight to 3:00
   a.m.:
.sp 2
   brsvadd -n 1024 -m "hostA hostB" -g groupA -t "3:0:0-3:3:0"
.sp 2
   Reservation "groupA#0" is created
.sp 2
   The following command creates an open advance reservation for
   1024 job slots on host hostA for user user1 between 6:00 a.m.
   and 8:00 a.m. today.
.sp 2
   brsvadd -o -n 1024 -m hostA -u user1 -b 6:0 -e 8:0
.sp 2
   Reservation "user1#0" is created
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   brsvdel, brsvmod, brsvs, lsb.resources
.sp 2
