
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH brsvmod 8 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbrsvmod\fR
.sp 2
   modifies an advance reservation
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
brsvmod [-o | -on] [-d "description"] [-u user_name | -g
group_name] [[-b begin_time | -b [+|-]minutes] [-e end_time | -e
[+|-]minutes]] | [-t time_window] reservation_ID
.sp 2
brsvmod disable {-td "begin_date-end_date" | -tn} [-f]
reservation_ID
.sp 2
brsvmod addhost {-n job_slots -R "res_req" [-m "host_name ... |
-m host_group ..."]} | {[-n job_slots] -m "host_name ... | -m
host_group ..."} reservation_ID
.sp 2
brsvmod rmhost {-n job_slots [-m "host_name ... | -m host_group
..."]} | {[-n job_slots] -m "host_name ... | -m host_group ..."}
reservation_ID
.sp 2
brsvmod {-h | -V}
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
      \fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
         By default, this command can only be used by LSF
         administrators or root.
.sp 2
   Replaces advance reservation option values previously created,
   extends or reduces the reservation time window, or adds or
   removes reserved hosts of the advance reservation specified by
   \fIreservation_ID\fR. For a recurring reservation, can disable
   specified occurrences of the reservation.
.sp 2
   Administrators and root can modify any reservations. Users
   listed in the ResourceReservation section of lsb.resources,
   can only modify reservations they created themselves.
.sp 2
   The original value for user, user group, or time window, can
   be overridden with a new value by specifying the option as in
   brsvadd. Change a reservation from closed (the default) to
   open with the -o option, or from open to closed with the -on
   option.
.sp 2
   Options -n, -m, and -R must be used with the subcommands
   addhost or rmhost. These options allow adding or removing from
   the original values.
.sp 2
   The -td and -tn options are only allowed in disable
   subcommand.
.sp 2
   All three subcommands are mutually exclusive. The time window
   options -b, -e and -t are not valid in any of the subcommands.
.sp 2
   You cannot modify the start time of an active reservation.
.sp 2
   brsvmod does not support the
   \fR\fIreservation_ID\fR@\fIcluster_name\fR\fR notation for
   advance reservations on remote clusters, or the
   \fR\fIuser_name\fR@\fIcluster_name\fR\fR notation for
   reservations with remote users.
.sp 2
   The job slot requirements of the -n option must be satisfied,
   but -m or -R provides a candidate list for processing, which
   does not trigger error unless no valid hosts are the list. For
   instance, if you specify
.sp 2
   -n 3 -m "host1 host2"
.sp 2
   3 slots are required. LSF tries to find as many slots as
   possible from host1. If 3 slots are not available on host1,
   then LSF tries to find the rest from host2. Hosts with no
   slots available are removed from the list when the request is
   handled.
.sp 2 .SH "Subcommands"
\fBSubcommands\fR
.sp 2
   \fBaddhost [-n \fIjob_slots\fB [-R "\fIres_req\fB"]] [-m
   "\fIhost_name\fB ... | \fIhost_group\fB ..."]
   \fIreservation_ID\fB\fR
.br
               Adds hosts and slots on hosts into the original
               reservation allocation. The hosts can be local to
               the cluster or hosts leased from remote clusters.
.sp 2
               Adding a host without -n reserves all available
               slots on the host that are not already reserved by
               other reservations. You can specify the number of
               slots to be added from the host list specified
               with -n, but -n cannot be used alone. -m can be
               used alone if no host group is specified in the
               list. You cannot specify -R without with -n.
.sp 2
               The specified slot number must be less than or
               equal to the available number of slots for the
               hosts.
.sp 2
               Only hosts can be added (-m) to a system
               reservation. Slots cannot be added (-n) to a
               system reservation.
.sp 2
   \fBdisable -td "\fIbegin_date\fB\fR-\fB\fIend_date\fB" | -tn
   [-f] \fIreservation_ID\fB\fR
.br
               Disables specified periods, or instances, of a
               recurring advance reservation. The
               \fIstart_date\fR and \fIend_date\fR represent the
               start and end date of a period in which the
               reservation should be disabled. These periods must
               take one of the following forms:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     yyyy:mm:dd-yyyy:mm:dd
.sp 2
                 o  
                     mm:dd-mm:dd - current year is assumed
.sp 2
                 o  
                     dd-dd - current month and year are assumed
.sp 2
               The start date must be the same as or earlier than
               the end date.
.sp 2
               If a reservation is disabled for a given day, then
               it does not become active on that day, and remains
               inactive for the duration of the reservation time
               window. Non-recurring reservations are able to use
               slots of the recurring reservation for the
               duration of the time window.The -tn option is a
               shortcut that disables a reservation on the
               starting day of the next instance of the
               reservation time window; that is, the instance
               that starts nearest in the future. If the
               reservation has already been disabled for this
               day, the modification request is rejected.
.sp 2
               For example, for a weekly reservation with time
               window from Wednesday 9 a.m. to Friday 10 p.m, if
               the current day is Monday, then running the
               command with the -tn option disables the
               reservation from Wednesday to Friday of the
               current week. However, if the current day is
               Thursday, then the reservation is disabled from
               Wednesday to Friday of the following week. If it
               is Wednesday, then whether to disable in the
               current week or following week depends on whether
               or not the start time of the instance has passed:
               if not then the reservation is disabled in the
               current week, otherwise the following week’s
               reservation is disabled.
.sp 2
               Running the disable command with the -tn option
               twice on Monday tries to disable twice in the
               current week. The second run has no effect, but is
               rejected because the specified reservation
               instance is already disabled.
.sp 2
               Once a reservation is disabled for a period, it
               cannot be enabled; that is, the disabled periods
               remain fixed. Before a reservation is disabled,
               you are prompted to confirm whether to continue
               disabling the reservation. Use the -f option to
               silently force the command to run without
               prompting for confirmation; for example, to allow
               for automating disabling reservations from a
               script.
.sp 2
   \fBrmhost [-n \fIjob_slots\fB] [-m "\fIhost_name\fB ... |
   \fIhost_group\fB ..."] \fIreservation_ID\fB\fR
.br
               Removes hosts or slots on hosts from the original
               reservation allocation. You must specify either -n
               or -m. Use -n to specify the number of slots to be
               released from reserved hosts. Removing a host
               without -n releases all reserved free slots on the
               host. The new slot specification must be less than
               or equal to the actual reserved slot number of the
               host.
.sp 2
               You can only remove a whole host from a system AR.
.sp 2
               How many slots or hosts can be removed depends on
               the number of slots that are free as long as the
               reservation is active. rmhost cannot remove more
               slots than are free on the host. This applies to
               removing hosts on both one-time and recurring
               reservations that are active. If you want to
               remove more slots from the reservation, you must
               wait until running jobs finish or the reservation
               is inactive.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-o\fR
.br
               Changes a closed advance reservation to open, or
               cancels an open reservation.
.sp 2
               Changes the type of a reservation to be open or
               closed. If the reservation is open, all jobs in
               the reservation become normal jobs, not subject to
               termination when the reservation window closes.
               -on closes the reservation when it expires.The
               running jobs of an open reservation are terminated
               when the reservation is changed into closed. The
               termination times of running jobs of a closed
               reservation are removed if the reservation is
               changed to open. The termination time of running
               jobs is set by mbatchd but checked by sbatchd.
               Termination time is an absolute time based on
               master host, so all hosts in the cluster should be
               synchronized with the local time on the master
               host. If sbatchd and mbatchd are not synchronized,
               termination may not occur at the correct time.
.sp 2
   \fB-b \fIbegin_time\fB | [+ | -]\fIminutes\fB\fR
.br
               Replaces the begin time for a one-time
               reservation, or gives an offset in minutes to the
               current begin time.
.sp 2
                  \fBRestriction: \fR
.sp 2
                     You cannot modify the begin time of an
                     active reservation.
.sp 2
               The begin time is in the form
.sp 2
               [[[year:]month:]day:]hour:minute
.sp 2
               with the following ranges:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIyear\fR: any year after 1900 (YYYY)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fImonth\fR: 1-12 (MM)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIday of the month\fR: 1-31 (dd)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR: 0-23 (hh)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIminute\fR: 0-59 (mm)
.sp 2
               You must specify at least
               \fIhour\fR\fR:\fR\fIminute\fR. Year, month, and
               day are optional. Three fields are assumed to be
               \fIday\fR\fR:\fR\fIhour\fR\fR:\fR\fIminute\fR,
               four fields are assumed to be
               \fImonth\fR\fR:\fR\fIday\fR\fR:\fR\fIhour\fR\fR:\fR\fIminute\fR,
               and five fields are
               \fIyear\fR\fR:\fR\fImonth\fR\fR:\fR\fIday\fR\fR:\fR\fIhour\fR\fR:\fR\fIminute\fR.
.sp 2
               If you do not specify a day, LSF assumes the
               current day. If you do not specify a month, LSF
               assumes the current month. If you specify a year,
               you must specify a month.
.sp 2
               The offset is in minutes, an integer with a
               prefix+ or -. For example, -b+5 moves the begin
               time 5 minutes later, and -b-5 moves the begin
               time 5 minutes earlier.
.sp 2
               The modified time value for -b must use the same
               syntax as the time value for -e. It must be
               earlier than the time value for -e, and cannot be
               earlier than the current time.
.sp 2
   \fB-d "\fIdescription\fB"\fR
.br
               Replaces or sets a description for the
               reservation. The description must be provided as a
               double quoted text string. The maximum length is
               512 characters.
.sp 2
   \fB-e \fIend_time\fB | [+ | -]\fIminutes\fB\fR
.br
               Replaces the end time for a one-time reservation,
               or gives an offset in minutes to the current end
               time.
.sp 2
               By giving a positive offset to the end time, you
               extend the duration of a reservation so that the
               jobs in the reservation can run longer. Shrinking
               the reservation with a negative value terminates
               running jobs earlier.
.sp 2
               The end time is in the form
.sp 2
               [[[year:]month:]day:]hour:minute
.sp 2
               with the following ranges:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIyear\fR: any year after 1900 (YYYY)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fImonth\fR: 1-12 (MM)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIday of the month\fR: 1-31 (dd)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR: 0-23 (hh)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIminute\fR: 0-59 (mm)
.sp 2
               You must specify at least
               \fIhour\fR\fR:\fR\fIminute\fR. Year, month, and
               day are optional. Three fields are assumed to be
               \fIday\fR\fR:\fR\fIhour\fR\fR:\fR\fIminute\fR,
               four fields are assumed to be
               \fImonth\fR\fR:\fR\fIday\fR\fR:\fR\fIhour\fR\fR:\fR\fIminute\fR,
               and five fields are
               \fIyear\fR\fR:\fR\fImonth\fR\fR:\fR\fIday\fR\fR:\fR\fIhour\fR\fR:\fR\fIminute\fR.
.sp 2
               If you do not specify a day, LSF assumes the
               current day. If you do not specify a month, LSF
               assumes the current month. If you specify a year,
               you must specify a month.
.sp 2
               The time value for -e must use the same syntax as
               the time value for -b. It must be later than the
               time value for -b.
.sp 2
   \fB-g \fIgroup_name\fB\fR
.br
               Changes the user group that is able to submit jobs
               to the reservation. Changing the user group does
               not affect the currently running jobs.
.sp 2
               Jobs submitted by the original user group to the
               reservation still belong to the reservation and
               scheduled as advance reservation jobs, but newly
               submitted jobs from a user group that has been
               removed from the reservation cannot use the
               reservation any longer.
.sp 2
               The -g \fIgroup_name\fR option does not support
               the @cluster notation for advance reservations on
               remote clusters.
.sp 2
   \fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB | \fIhost_group\fB ..."\fR
.br
               Changes the list of hosts for which job slots
               specified with -n are reserved. At job submission,
               LSF considers the hosts in the specified order.
.sp 2
               If you also specify a resource requirement string
               with the -R option, -m is optional.
.sp 2
               The hosts can be local to the cluster or hosts
               leased from remote clusters.
.sp 2
   \fB-n \fIjob_slots\fB\fR
.br
               Changes the number of job slots to reserve.
               \fIjob_slots\fR must be less than or equal to the
               actual number of slots for the hosts selected by
               -m or -R for the reservation.
.sp 2
               If you also specify the reservation for system use
               with the -s option, -n is optional.
.sp 2
   \fB-R "\fIres_req\fB"\fR
.br
               Changes the host selection for the reservation
               according to the specified resource requirements.
               Only hosts that satisfy the resource requirement
               expression are reserved. -R accepts any valid
               resource requirement string, but only the select
               string takes effect.
.sp 2
               If you also specify a host list with the -m
               option, -R is optional.
.sp 2
               For more information about resource requirements,
               see Administering Platform LSF.
.sp 2
               The size of the resource requirement string is
               limited to 512 bytes.
.sp 2
   \fB-t \fItime_window\fB\fR
.br
               Replaces the time window with a new one to shift a
               recurring reservation. You cannot modify the start
               time of a recurring reservation that has current
               active instance.
.sp 2
               To specify a time window, specify two time values
               separated by a hyphen (-), with no space in
               between:
.sp 2
               time_window = begin_time-end_time
.sp 2
               Times are specified in the format:
.sp 2
               [day:]hour[:minute]
.sp 2
               where all fields are numbers with the following
               ranges:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIday of the week\fR: 0-6 (0 is Sunday)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR: 0-23
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIminute\fR: 0-59
.sp 2
               Specify a time window one of the following ways:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR-\fIhour\fR
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR
.sp 2
               The default value for minute is 0 (on the hour);
               the default value for day is every day of the
               week.
.sp 2
               You must specify at least the hour. Day of the
               week and minute are optional. Both the start time
               and end time values must use the same syntax. If
               you do not specify a minute, LSF assumes the first
               minute of the hour (\fR:00\fR). If you do not
               specify a day, LSF assumes every day of the week.
               If you do specify the day, you must also specify
               the minute.
.sp 2
               LSF administrators can prevent running jobs from
               being killed when the reservation expires by
               changing the termination time of the job using the
               reservation (bmod -t) before the reservation
               window closes.
.sp 2
               When the job starts running, the run limit of the
               reservation is set to the minimum of the job run
               limit (if specified), the queue run limit (if
               specified), or the duration of the time window.
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB\fR
.br
               Changes the user who is able to submit jobs to the
               reservation. Changing user does not affect the
               currently running jobs.
.sp 2
               Jobs submitted by the original user to the
               reservation still belong to the reservation and
               scheduled as advance reservation jobs, but newly
               submitted jobs from users that have been removed
               from the reservation cannot use the reservation
               any longer.
.sp 2
               The -u \fIuser_name\fR option does not support the
               @cluster notation for advance reservations on
               remote clusters.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   The following command adds a host to an existing reservation.
.sp 2
   brsvmod -addhost hostB user1#0
.sp 2
   HostB is added to reservation "user1#0".
.sp 2
   The following example disables the advanced reservation
   between January 1 and January 6, 2008, inclusive.
.sp 2
   \fR\fRbrsvmod disable {-td "2008:01:01-2008:01:06"}\fR\fR
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   brsvadd, brsvdel, brsvs, lsb.resources
.sp 2
