
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH brsvdel 8 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbrsvdel\fR
.sp 2
   deletes an advance reservation
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
brsvdel reservation_ID ...
.sp 2
brsvdel {-h | -V}
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
      \fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
         By default, this command can only be used by LSF
         administrators or root.
.sp 2
   Deletes advance reservations for the specified reservation
   IDs.
.sp 2
   For example, if the following command was used to create the
   reservation \fRuser1#0\fR,
.sp 2
   brsvadd -n 1024 -m hostA -u user1 -b 13:0 -e 18:0
.sp 2
   Reservation "user1#0" is created
.sp 2
   the following command deletes the reservation:
.sp 2
   brsvdel user1#0
.sp 2
   Reservation user1#0 is being deleted
.sp 2
   You can delete multiple reservations at a time.
.sp 2
   To allow users to delete their own advance reservations
   without administrator intervention, configure advance
   reservation policies in the ResourceReservation section of
   lsb.resources.
.sp 2
   Administrators and root can delete any reservations. Users
   listed in the ResourceReservation section can only delete
   reservations they created themselves.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   brsvadd, brsvmod, brsvs, lsb.resources
