
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH brun 8 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbrun\fR
.sp 2
   forces a job to run immediately
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
brun [-b] [-c] [-f] -m "host_name[#num_cpus] ... " job_ID
.sp 2
brun [-b] [-c] [-f] -m "host_name[#num_cpus] ... "
"job_ID[index_list]"
.sp 2
brun [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
      \fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
         This command can only be used by LSF administrators.
.sp 2
   Forces a pending job to run immediately on specified hosts.
.sp 2
   A job that has been forced to run is counted as a running job,
   this may violate the user, queue, or host job limits, and
   fairshare priorities. The forced job can run on hosts with an
   exclusive resource definition.
.sp 2
   A job that has been forced to run cannot be preempted by other
   jobs even if it is submitted to a preemptable queue and other
   jobs are submitted to a preemptive queue.
.sp 2
   By default, after the job is started, it is still subject to
   run windows and suspending conditions.
.sp 2
   LSF administrators can use brun to force jobs with an advance
   reservation to run before the reservation is active, but the
   job must finish running before the time window of the
   reservation expires.
.sp 2
   For example, if the administrator forces a job with a
   reservation to run one hour before the reservation is active,
   and the reservation period is 3 hours, a 4 hour run limit
   takes effect.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-b\fR
.br
               Causes a checkpointable job to start over from the
               beginning, as if it had never been checkpointed.
.sp 2
   \fB-c\fR
.br
               Distribute job slots for a multihost parallel job
               according to free CPUs.
.sp 2
               By default, if a parallel job spans for more than
               one host, LSF distributes the slots based on the
               static CPU counts of each host listed in the -m
               option. Use -c to distribute the slots based on
               the free CPUs of each host instead of the static
               CPUs.
.sp 2
               The -c option can be only applied to hosts whose
               total slot counts equal to their total CPU counts.
               MXJ in lsb.hosts must be less than or equal to the
               number of CPUs and PJOB_LIMIT=1 must be specified
               in the queue (lsb.queues).
.sp 2
               For example, a 6-CPU job is submitted to
               \fRhostA\fR and \fRhostB\fR with 4 CPUs each.
               Without -c, LSF would let the job take 4 slots
               from \fRhostA\fR first and then take 2 slots from
               \fRhostB\fR regardless to the status or the slots
               usage on \fRhostA\fR and \fRhostB\fR. If any slots
               on \fRhostA\fR are used, the job remains pending.
               With -c, LSF takes into consideration that
               \fRhostA\fR has 2 slots in use and \fRhostB\fR is
               completely free, so LSF is able to dispatch the
               job using the 2 free slots on \fRhostA\fR and all
               4 slots on \fRhostB\fR.
.sp 2
   \fB-f\fR
.br
               Allows the job to run without being suspended due
               to run windows or suspending conditions.
.sp 2
   \fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB[#\fInum_cpus\fB] ... "\fR
.br
               Required. Specify one or more hosts on which to
               run the job.
.sp 2
               You can optionally specify the number of CPUs
               required per host for multihost parallel jobs. The
               \fR#\fR\fInum_cpus\fR option distributes job slots
               according the number of CPUs on the host. If
               \fR#\fR\fInum_cpus\fR is not defined, or if
               \fR#\fR\fInum_cpus\fR is greater than the number
               of static CPUs on the host (or the number of free
               CPUs if -c is specified), LSF distributes job
               slots according to the number of static CPUs on
               the host, or the number of free CPUs on the host
               if -c is specified. The number sign (#) is
               required as a prefix to the number of CPUs. The
               square brackets ([ ])indicate that
               \fR#\fR\fInum_cpus\fR is optional. Do not include
               them in the command.
.sp 2
               For example, the following command forces job 123
               to run and specifies 1 CPU on hostA and 1 CPU on
               hostB:
.sp 2
               brun -m "hostA#1 hostB#1" 123
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex_list\fB]"\fR
.br
               Required. Specify the job to run, or specify one
               element of a job array.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Limitations"
\fBLimitations\fR
.sp 2
   You cannot force a job in SSUSP or USUSP state.
.sp 2
   brun does not guarantee a job runs; it just forces LSF to
   dispatch the job.
.sp 2
   In the MultiCluster job forwarding model, you can only force a
   job by running the command in the execution cluster.
.sp 2
