.\" $Id: eauth.8,v 5.4 2000/06/01 19:26:33 bingfeng Exp $
.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.TH EAUTH 8 "1 August 1998"
.SH NAME
eauth \- External authentication 
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBLSF_SERVERDIR/eauth
.SH DESCRIPTION
When LSF_AUTH = eauth is set in lsf.conf, LSF uses eauth as the authentication
mechanism instead of setuid to root.  LSF bundles a default eauth and installs
it in LSF_SERVERDIR. 

When an LSF client program is invoked (for example, lsrun), the client program
automatically executes eauth -c hostname to get the external authentication 
data. hostname is the name of the host running the LSF daemon (for example, 
RES) on which the operation will take place.  The external user authentication 
data can be passed to LSF via eauth's standard output.

When the LSF daemon receives the request, the default eauth binary runs 
eauth -s as root. You must set the parameter LSF_EAUTH_USER in /etc/lsf.sudoers 
(NT this file in %SYSTEMROOT%) if your
site needs to run authentication under another user ID (see \fBlsf.sudoers(5)\fR).
eauth -s is executed to process the user authentication data. The data is passed
to eauth -s via its standard input.  The standard input stream has the following
format:

uid gid username client_addr client_port  user_auth_data_len user_auth_data

Where:

    uid is  the user ID in ASCII of the client user.

    gid is the group ID in ASCII of the client user.

    username is the user name of the client user.

    client_addr is the host address of the client host in ASCII dot notation.

    client_port is the port number from where the client request is made.

    user_auth_data_len is the length of the external authentication data in 
    ASCII passed from the client. 

    user_auth_data is the external user authentication encrypted data passed
    from the client.

The LSF daemon expects eauth -s to write 1 to its standard output if 
authentication succeeds, or 0 if authentication fails.

By default eauth encrypts the authentication data in client site and decrypts
the authentication data in LSF daemon site using an internal key. The user 
can improve the security by configuring the parameter \fBLSF_EAUTH_KEY\fR
in \fBlsf.sudoers\fR file.  If this parameter is defined, eauth will use 
the defined external key to encrypt and decrypt the authentication data.

Users can also write and configure their own site-specific eauth.  
An example of supporting Kerberos authentication's eauth can be found in 
the examples/krb in the standard LSF distribution. 

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lsf.conf(5),
.BR lsf.sudoers(5)


