.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.hy 0
.nh
.na
.TH echkpnt  8 "October 2006   Platform LSF Version 7.0"
.br

.SH NAME 
\fBechkpnt \fR  - checkpoints a process or process group of LSF batch jobs 

.SH SYNOPSIS 
.BR
.PP

.PP
\fBechkpnt\fR [\fB-c\fR] [\fB-f\fR] [\fB-k\fR | \fB-s\fR] [\fB-d\fR \fIcheckpoint_dir\fR] [\fB-x\fR] 
\fIprocess_group_ID\fR 

.PP
\fBechkpnt\fR [\fB-h\fR | \fB-V\fR] 

.SH DESCRIPTION 
.BR
.PP

.PP
echkpnt is the interface through which jobs are checkpointed. 

.PP
By default, jobs continue to execute after they have been checkpointed. 

.PP
Some options in the synopsis are only supported by some operating systems. 

.SS echkpnt 
.BR
.PP


.IP
echkpnt is located in LSF_SERVERDIR. 


.IP
echkpnt sends checkpoint instructions provided through job submission or 
through queue parameters to LSF's checkpoint facility echkpnt.default or to 
any custom echkpnt methods that you define. Communication is achieved 
through the common syntax indicated in the synopsis. 



.SS echkpnt.default 
.BR
.PP


.IP
echkpnt.default is located in LSF_SERVERDIR. 


.IP
By default, when a job is checkpointed, echkpnt.default is used. 
echkpnt.default uses the arguments \fIcheckpoint_dir\fR and 
process_group_ID to identify where checkpoint files are to be created and 
which job is to be checkpointed. echkpnt.default then creates checkpoint files 
in\fI \fR\fIcheckpoint_dir\fR/\fIjob_ID\fR and attempts to checkpoint the job. 



.SS echkpnt.method_name 
.BR
.PP


.IP
echkpnt.\fImethod_name\fR is a custom echkpnt that attempts to run a custom 
checkpoint program or script. 


.IP
The name of the custom echkpnt method must be echkpnt.\fImethod_name\fR, 
where \fImethod_name\fR is a name you assign to your custom echkpnt. The 
method_name must be specified either with LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD (in 
lsf.conf, as an environment variable) and/or when the job is submitted with the 
bsub -k option such as bsub -k "mydir 120 method=myapp" job1. 


.IP
echkpnt.\fImethod_name\fR must support the syntax described in the synopsis. 


.IP
echkpnt.\fImethod_name\fR is placed in LSF_SERVERDIR, or in the directory 
specified by LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR (set in lsf.conf or as an 
environment variable). 


.IP
The method name (LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD in lsf.conf or as an 
environment variable) and location (LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR) 
combination must be unique in the cluster. For example, you may have two 
echkpnt applications with the same name such as echkpnt.mymethod but what 
differentiates them is the different directories defined with 
LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR. 


.IP
The checkpoint method directory should be accessible by all users who need to run 
the custom echkpnt and erestart programs.


.IP
Do not use default as a method name as this is a reserved keyword to indicate to 
use LSF's default echkpnt and erestart methods. 


.IP
If you want to specify to use LSF's echkpnt.default for a specific application, specify 
method=default at job submission with bsub -k. 



.SH OPTIONS 
.BR
.PP

.TP 
\fB-c\fR 


.IP
This option is supported on only some operating systems such as Convex. 


.IP
Copies to the checkpoint directory all files in use by the checkpointed process. 



.TP 
\fB-f\fR 


.IP
This option is supported on only some operating systems such as Convex. 


.IP
Forces a job to be checkpointed even if non-checkpointable conditions exist (these 
conditions are specific to the type of checkpoint facility being used). This option may 
create checkpoint files that will not restart properly. 



.TP 
\fB-k\fR | \fB-s\fR 


.IP
Options -k and -s are mutually exclusive. 


.RE
.IP
\fB-k\fR 
.BR
.RS


.IP
Kills a job after it has been successfully checkpointed. If this option is specified 
and the checkpoint fails for any reason, the job continues to execute. 



.RE
.IP
\fB-s\fR 
.BR
.RS


.IP
This option is supported on only some operating systems such as SGI systems 
running IRIX, and Convex. 


.IP
Stops a job after it has been successfully checkpointed. If this option is specified 
and the checkpoint fails for any reason, the job continues to execute. 




.TP 
\fB-d\fR \fIcheckpoint_dir\fR 


.IP
Specifies the checkpoint directory. Specify a relative or absolute path name. 


.IP
When a job is checkpointed, the checkpoint information is stored in 
\fIcheckpoint_dir\fR/\fIjob_ID\fR/\fIfile_name\fR. Multiple jobs can checkpoint into the same 
directory. The system can create multiple files. 


.IP
The checkpoint directory is used for restarting the job (see brestart(1)).



.TP 
\fB-x\fR 


.IP
This option is supported on only some operating systems such as SGI systems running 
IRIX. 


.IP
Identifies the cpr process as type HID (process hierarchy rooted at that PID). 



.TP 
\fIprocess_group_ID\fR 


.IP
ID of the process or process group to be checkpointed. 



.TP 
\fB-h\fR 


.IP
Prints command usage to stderr and exits. 



.TP 
\fB-V\fR 


.IP
Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits. 



.SH SEE ALSO 
.BR
.PP

.PP
bsub(1), bchkpnt(1), brestart(1), erestart(8) 

.SH DIAGNOSTICS 
.BR
.PP

.SS echkpnt 
.BR
.PP


.IP
Exits with a 0 if the checkpoint operation succeeds. Otherwise, exits with the value 
of echkpnt.default or echkpnt.\fImethod_name\fR. 



.SS echkpnt.default 
.BR
.PP


.IP
If LSF's default checkpoint program echkpnt.default is used and the job is 
successfully checkpointed, echkpnt.default exits with a 0 and writes nothing to 
stdout and stderr or the message "Done" or "Success". echkpnt.default 
returns non-zero values if the checkpoint operation fails. In addition, all messages 
in stdout or stderr that are returned by echkpnt.default are interpreted by LSF 
as failure of the checkpoint operation. 



.SS echkpnt.method_name 
.BR
.PP


.IP
If a custom checkpoint program is used (LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD is defined 
in lsf.conf or as an environment variable, or the checkpoint method specified 
such as bsub -k "mydir method=myapp" job1), echkpnt.\fImethod_name\fR 
exits with a 0 if it succeeds in checkpointing the job. Non-zero values indicate job 
checkpoint failed. All messages written to stdout and stderr are directed to 
/dev/null and ignored by LSF. 


.IP
To save standard error and standard out messages for echkpnt. \fImethod_name\fR, 
set LSB_ECHKPNT_KEEP_OUTPUT=y in lsf.conf or as an environment 
variable. The stdout and stderr output generated by echkpnt. \fImethod_name\fR will 
be redirected to: 


.IP
- \fIcheckpoint_dir\fR/$LSB_JOBID/echkpnt.out 


.IP
- \fIcheckpoint_dir\fR/$LSB_JOBID/echkpnt.err 



.SH LIMITATIONS 
.BR
.PP

.PP
If you define LSF_ECHKPNTDIR, you cannot use a custom echkpnt method. It is 
recommended to no longer use LSF_ECHKPNTDIR but use instead 
LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD and LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR. 

.PP
If you use echkpnt.\fImethod_name\fR, once the job has been submitted, the job will be 
checkpointed with the method that was specified at job submission or with the 
parameter LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD. You cannot change the method with the 
bmod command. 

.PP
If you submit a job and do not specify a custom method, and 
LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD is not defined, echkpnt.default will be used. You 
will not be able to change this with bmod. 

.PP
It is the cluster administrator's responsibility to ensure that method name and method 
directory combinations are unique in the cluster.

.\" Generated by Quadralay WebWorks Publisher Professional Edition 6.0.7
.\" Generated on December 21, 2005 
.\" Based on template lsf_manpage_tem
.\" Copyright 1994-2005 Platform Computing Corporation
