.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.hy 0
.nh
.na
.TH egosc 8 "June 2007   Platform EGO 1.2.2"
.br

.SH NAME
\fBegosc\fR - Platform EGO service controller.

.SH Synopsis
.BR
.PP
 egosc [-d conf_dir]  egosc [-C esc_conf_dir]  egosc -h  egosc -V 
.SH Description
.BR
.PP

.PP
The service controller is the first service that runs on top of the EGO kernel. It 
functions as a bootstrap mechanism for starting the other services in the cluster. It 
also monitors and recovers the other services. It is somewhat analogous to init on 
UNIX systems or Service Control Manager on Windows systems. After the kernel 
boots, it reads a configuration file to retrieve the list of services to be started.

.PP
The service controller acts as a client to the EGO kernel, requesting resource 
allocations for running services and instantiating activities to host those services. It 
ensures that all the services are running by detecting failures and restarting service 
instances based on the parameter settings in the Control Policy portion of the 
service profile.
 egosc is started automatically by vemkd and exits when vemkd exits. Under normal circumstances, you do not need to start it manually. 
.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start the daemon manually without options: specify the -V option to check the 
version, the -d option to start the daemon in debug mode, or the -C option to validate its 
configuration files.

.SH Options
.BR
.PP

.SS -d conf_dir
.BR
.PP

.PP
Starts the daemon, reading from the EGO configuration file ego.conf in the 
specified directory, rather than from the directory set via the EGO_CONFDIR 
environment variable.

.PP
Use this option when starting the daemon in debug mode.

.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start the daemon manually unless directed to do so by Platform Technical 
Support.

.SS -C esc_conf_dir
.BR
.PP

.PP
Starts the daemon to validate its configuration files in the specified directory and 
then exits.

.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start the daemon manually unless directed to do so by Platform Technical 
Support.

.SS -h
.BR
.PP

.PP
Outputs command usage and exits.

.SS -V
.BR
.PP

.PP
Outputs product version and exits.

.SH Files
.BR
.PP

.SS ego.conf
.BR
.PP

.PP
egosc reads the configuration file ego.conf to retrieve the location of the service 
controller configuration information, specified by the EGO_ESRVDIR parameter.

.SS egosc_conf.xml
.BR
.PP

.PP
egosc reads the configuration file egosc_conf.xml to retrieve the following 
information:

.SS ESC_PORT
.BR
.PP

.PP
The TCP port egosc uses to serve requests.

.SS ESC_LOGDIR
.BR
.PP

.PP
The directory where egosc logs error or debug messages.

.SS ESC_LOG_MASK
.BR
.PP

.PP
The log level used to determine the amount of detail logged.

.SS services files
.BR
.PP

.PP
egosc looks in the directory EGO_ESRVDIR/esc/conf/services to locate the 
services that it is to manage. Each service has a corresponding file in the services 
directory.

.\" Generated by Quadralay WebWorks Publisher 2003 for FrameMaker 8.0.5.1556
.\" Generated on June 21, 2007 
.\" Man section: 8 
.\" File Name: egosc 
.\" Based on template structured_wwp8_man_page
.\" Copyright 1994-2007 Platform Computing Corporation
