.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.hy 0
.nh
.na
.TH erestart  8 "October 2006   Platform LSF Version 7.0"
.br

.SH NAME 
\fBerestart \fR  - restarts execution of a process or process group of LSF batch jobs 

.SH SYNOPSIS 
.BR
.PP

.PP
erestart [-c] [-f] checkpoint_dir 

.PP
erestart [-h | -V] 

.SH DESCRIPTION 
.BR
.PP

.PP
erestart is the interface through which jobs that have been checkpointed are resptarted. 

.PP
Jobs are restarted using the checkpoint files saved in \fIcheckpoint_dir\fR/\fIlast_jobID\fR. 
Jobs are resubmitted, assigned a new job ID, and the checkpoint directory is renamed 
using the new job ID to \fIcheckpoint_dir\fR/\fInew_jobID\fR. 

.PP
Some options in the synopsis are only supported by some operating systems. 

.SS erestart 
.BR
.PP


.IP
erestart is located in LSF_SERVERDIR. 


.IP
erestart sends to erestart.default the process ID and process group ID 
of the job that was checkpointed. erestart sets the environment variables 
LSB_RESTART_PID and LSB_RESTART_PGID. 


.IP
erestart sends a job restart request to erestart.default or to a custom 
erestart method that you define. Communication is achieved through the 
common syntax indicated in the synopsis. 



.SS erestart.default 
.BR
.PP


.IP
erestart.default is located in LSF_SERVERDIR. erestart.default 
restarts the job. 



.SS erestart.method_name 
.BR
.PP


.IP
erestart.\fImethod_name\fR is a custom erestart application, where \fImethod_name\fR 
is the same name specified in its corresponding echkpnt.\fImethod_name\fR. 


.IP
erestart.\fImethod_name\fR is placed in LSF_SERVERDIR, or in the directory 
specified by LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD_DIR (set in lsf.conf or as an 
environment variable). The checkpoint method directory must be accessible by all 
users who need to run the custom echkpnt and erestart programs.


.IP
erestart.\fImethod_name\fR must support the syntax described in the synopsis. 


.IP
erestart.\fImethod_name\fR creates the file 
checkpoint_dir/$LSB_JOB_ID/.restart_cmd and writes the command to 
restart the job or process group in this file in the form 
"LSB_RESTART_CMD=\fIrestart_command\fR". Quotation marks (") are mandatory 
around LSB_RESTART_CMD. 


.IP
erestart attempts to find the command to restart the job in .restart_cmd. If 
it does not find the command, it uses the original job file and command to restart 
the job. The original job file is created in the checkpoint directory at job submission. 


.IP
If erestart finds the command to restart the job in .restart_cmd, it invokes 
the command to restart the checkpointed job. 


.IP
erestart.\fImethod_name\fR must have access to the original command line used to 
start the job.


.IP
erestart.\fImethod_name\fR must return, it should not run the application to restart 
the job.



.SS Parameters 
.BR
.PP


.IP
If your application requires additional parameters, you can use the following 
parameters to retrieve more information about a job: 


.IP
LSB_JOBID--New job ID assigned to the job that is to be restarted 


.IP
LSB_OLD_JOBID--Job ID of the job that is to be restarted when it was 
checkpointed 


.IP
LSB_ERESTART_USRCMD--Original command used to start the job at job 
submission. This environment variable is set by erestart and read by 
erestart.\fImethod_name\fR. 


.IP
LSB_JOB_STARTER--Executable program that has the actual job as an argument. 
This environment variable only exists when a job starter was defined for the queue 
to which the job was submitted 



.SH OPTIONS 
.BR
.PP

.TP 
\fB-c\fR 


.IP
This option is supported on only some operating systems such as Convex. 


.IP
Copies to the checkpoint directory all files in use by the checkpointed process. 



.TP 
\fB-f\fR 


.IP
This option is supported on only some operating systems such as Convex and SGI 
IRIX. 


.IP
Forces a job to be restarted even if non-restart conditions exist (these conditions are 
specific to the type of restart facility being used). 



.TP 
\fIcheckpoint_dir\fR 


.IP
Specifies the checkpoint directory. Specify a relative or absolute path name. 


.IP
When a job is checkpointed, the checkpoint information is stored in 
\fIcheckpoint_dir\fR/job_ID/\fIfile_name\fR. Multiple jobs can checkpoint into the same 
directory. The system can create multiple files. 


.IP
The checkpoint directory is used for restarting the job (see brestart(1)). 



.TP 
\fB-h\fR 


.IP
Prints command usage to stderr and exits. 



.TP 
\fB-V\fR 


.IP
Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits. 



.SH SEE ALSO 
.BR
.PP

.PP
bsub(1), bchkpnt(8), brestart(1), echkpnt(8) 

.SH DIAGNOSTICS 
.BR
.PP

.SS erestart 
.BR
.PP


.IP
If job restart is successful, exits with the value of the restarted job. 


.IP
If job restart fails due to erestart.default or erestart.\fImethod_name\fR, exits with 
the value of erestart.default or erestart.\fImethod_name\fR. If job restart fails due 
to other reasons, exits with a -1. 



.SS erestart.default 
.BR
.PP


.IP
If LSF's default restart program erestart.default is used, if the job is 
successfully restarted erestart.default does not print any messages other 
than "pid=new_ pid pgid=new_pgid" to its standard error. If 
erestart.default prints any other messages to its standard error, LSF 
considers that the job restart failed. 



.SS erestart.method_name 
.BR
.PP


.IP
If a custom erestart program is used (LSB_ECHKPNT_METHOD is defined 
in lsf.conf and/or a checkpoint method specified such as 
bsub -k "mydir method=myapp" job1), erestart.\fImethod_name\fR exits 
with a 0 if it succeeds in writing the job restart command to the file 
\fIcheckpoint_dir\fR/$LSB_JOB_ID/.restart_cmd, or if it purposefully writes 
nothing to the file. Non-zero values indicate that erestart.\fImethod_name\fR was 
not able to restart the job (job restart failed). 


.IP
For user-level checkpointing, erestart.\fImethod_name\fR must collect the exit 
code from the job. Then, erestart.\fImethod_name \fRmust exit with the same exit 
code as the job. Otherwise, the job's exit status is not reported correctly to LSF. 
Kernel-level checkpointing works differently and does not need this information 
from erestart.\fImethod_name\fR to restart the job.


.IP
All messages written to stdout and stderr are directed to /dev/null and ignored 
by LSF. 


.IP
To save standard error and standard output messages for echkpnt. 
\fImethod_name\fR and \fIerestart.method_name\fR, set 
LSB_ECHKPNT_KEEP_OUTPUT=y in lsf.conf or as an environment 
variable. The stderr output generated by erestart. \fImethod_name\fR will be 
redirected to: 


.IP
- \fIcheckpoint_dir\fR/$LSB_JOBID/erestart.out 


.IP
- \fIc\fR\fIheckpoint_dir\fR/$LSB_JOBID/erestart.err

.\" Generated by Quadralay WebWorks Publisher Professional Edition 6.0.7
.\" Generated on December 21, 2005 
.\" Based on template lsf_manpage_tem
.\" Copyright 1994-2005 Platform Computing Corporation
