.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.hy 0
.nh
.na
.TH lim 8 "June 2007   Platform EGO 1.2.2"
.br

.SH NAME
\fBlim\fR - Load information daemon or service, monitoring host load.

.SH Synopsis
.BR
.PP
 lim [-d conf_dir] [-c license_file] [-debug_level]  lim -C  lim -t  lim -h  lim -V 
.SH Description
.BR
.PP

.PP
There is one lim daemon/service on every host in the cluster. Of these, one lim from 
the master list is elected master lim for the cluster. The master lim receives load 
information from the other lim daemons, and provides services to all host.

.PP
The lim does the following for the host on which it runs:
.RS
.HP 3
o  
Starts pem on that host
.HP 3
o  
Provides system configuration information to vemkd
.HP 3
o  
Monitors load and provides load information statistics to vemkd and users
.RE

.PP
The master lim starts vemkd and pem on the master host.

.PP
The non-master lim daemons monitor the status of the master lim and elect a new 
master (from the master list) if the current master lim becomes unavailable.

.PP
Collectively, the lims in the cluster coordinate the collection and transmission of 
load information. Load information is collected in the form of load indices. For a 
list of the load indices collected, refer to Load indices.

.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start the daemon manually without options: specify the -V option to check the 
version, the -d option to start the daemon in debug mode, or the -C option to validate its 
configuration files.

.SH Options
.BR
.PP

.SS -d conf_dir
.BR
.PP

.PP
Starts the daemon, reading from the EGO configuration file ego.conf in the 
specified directory, rather than from the directory set via the EGO_CONFDIR 
environment variable.

.PP
Use this option when starting the daemon in debug mode.

.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start the daemon manually unless directed to do so by Platform Technical 
Support.

.SS -c license _file
.BR
.PP

.PP
Specifies an alternative location to look for the license file rather than the default 
directory or the directory specified by the EGO_LICENSE_FILE environment 
parameter in ego.conf.

.PP
Specify the full path to the license file including the file name.

.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start the daemon manually unless directed to do so by Platform Technical 
Support.

.SS -debug_level
.BR
.PP

.PP
Starts the lim in debug mode. When running in debug mode, the lim uses a 
hard-coded port number rather than the one registered in system services.

.PP
Specify one of the following values:

.SS -1
.BR
.PP

.PP
Starts the lim in the background, with no associated control terminal.

.SS -2
.BR
.PP

.PP
Starts the lim in the foreground, displaying the log messages to the terminal.

.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start the daemon manually unless directed to do so by Platform Technical 
Support.

.SS -t
.BR
.PP

.PP
Displays host information, such as host type, host architecture, number of physical 
processors, number of cores per physical processor, number of threads per core, 
and license requirements.

.PP
note:  

.PP
When running Linux kernel version 2.4, you must run lim -t as root to ensure consistent 
output with other clustered application management commands (for example, output from 
running Platform LSF command lshosts).

.SS -h
.BR
.PP

.PP
Outputs command usage and exits.

.SS -V
.BR
.PP

.PP
Outputs product version and exits.

.SH Files
.BR
.PP

.SS ego.conf
.BR
.PP

.PP
The lim reads the configuration file ego.conf to retrieve configuration 
information. ego.conf is a generic configuration file shared by all 
daemons/services and clients. It contains configuration information and other 
information that dictates the behavior of the software.

.PP
Some of the parameters lim retrieves from ego.conf are as follows:

.SS EGO_LIM_PORT
.BR
.PP

.PP
The TCP port the lim uses to serve all applications.

.SS EGO_SERVERDIR
.BR
.PP

.PP
The directory used for reconfiguring the lim--where the lim binary is stored.

.SS EGO_LOGDIR
.BR
.PP

.PP
The directory used for message logs.

.SS EGO_LOG_MASK
.BR
.PP

.PP
The log level used to determine the amount of detail logged.

.SS EGO_DEBUG_LIM
.BR
.PP

.PP
The log class setting for the lim.

.SS EGO_LICENSE_FILE
.BR
.PP

.PP
The full path to and name of the EGO license file.

.SS EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS	 
.BR
.PP

.PP
Defines whether ncpus is to be defined as procs, cores, or threads. This 
parameter overrides LSF_ENABLE_DUALCORE. If EGO_ENABLE_DUALCORE 
is set, EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS settings take precedent.
.RS
.HP 3
o  
procs (if ncpus defined as procs, then ncpus = nprocs)
.HP 3
o  
cores (if ncpus defined as cores, then ncpus = nprocs x ncores)
.HP 3
o  
threads (if ncpus defined as threads, then ncpus = nprocs x ncores x nthreads)
.RE

.IP
note:  

.RE

.IP
When EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS is set, run queue-length values (r1* values returned by lsload) 
are automatically normalized based on the set value.

.RE

.IP
If EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS is not defined, but EGO_ENABLE_DUALCORE is set, the lim reports the 
number of cores. If both EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS and LSF_ENABLE_DUALCORE are set, then the EGO 
parameter takes precedence.

.RE

.SH Customization
.BR
.PP

.PP
You can customize the lim by changing configuration files in EGO_CONFDIR 
directory. Configure ego.cluster.<cluster_name> to define various cluster 
properties such as the resources on individual hosts, the load threshold values for a 
host, and so on. Configure ego.shared to define host models read by the lim, or 
the CPU factor of individual hosts.

.\" Generated by Quadralay WebWorks Publisher 2003 for FrameMaker 8.0.5.1556
.\" Generated on June 21, 2007 
.\" Man section: 8 
.\" File Name: lim 
.\" Based on template structured_wwp8_man_page
.\" Copyright 1994-2007 Platform Computing Corporation
