
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsfinstall 8 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsfinstall\fR
.sp 2
   runs lsfinstall, the Platform LSF installation and
   configuration script
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsfinstall -f install.configlsfinstall -s -f
slave.configlsfinstall -h
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   lsfinstall runs the LSF installation scripts and configuration
   utilities to install a new Platform LSF cluster or upgrade LSF
   from a previous release.
.sp 2
   To install a fully operational LSF cluster that all users can
   access, you should install as root.
.sp 2
   You can run lsfinstall as a non-root user, with limitations.
.sp 2 .SH "Required install.config variables"
\fBRequired install.config variables\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_TOP="/\fIpath\fR"
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_ADMINS="\fIuser_name\fR [\fIuser_name\fR...]"
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_CLUSTER_NAME="\fIcluster_name\fR"
.sp 2 .SH "Required slave.config variables"
\fBRequired slave.config variables\fR
.sp 2
   If you use slave.config for dynamic slave host installation,
   the following parameters are required:
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_TOP="/\fIpath\fR"
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_TARDIR="/\fIpath\fR"
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_SERVER_HOSTS="\fIhost_name\fR [\fIhost_name\fR ...]"
.sp 2 .SH "Variables that require an absolute path"
\fBVariables that require an absolute path\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_LICENSE="/\fIpath\fR/\fIlicense_file\fR"
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_TOP="\fI/path\fR"
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_TARDIR="/\fIpath\fR"
.sp 2 .SH "What lsfinstall does"
\fBWhat lsfinstall does\fR
.sp 2
   Before installing and configuring LSF, lsfinstall checks the
   installation prerequisites, and outputs the results to
   lsfprechk.rpt. lsfinstall writes any unrecoverable errors to
   the Install.err file and exits. You must correct these errors
   before continuing to install and configure LSF.
.sp 2
   During installation, lsfinstall logs installation progress in
   the Install.log file, calls other utilities to uncompress,
   extract and copy product files, installs a license, and
   configures the cluster.
.sp 2
   After installation, you should run hostsetup to set up each
   server host in the cluster. After setting up the server hosts,
   you should start your cluster and test the installation by
   running some basic commands.
.sp 2 .SH "Where lsfinstall is located"
\fBWhere lsfinstall is located\fR
.sp 2
   lsfinstall is included in the LSF installation script tar file
   lsf7Update4_lsfinstall.tar.Z and is located in the
   lsf7Update4_lsfinstall directory created when you uncompress
   and extract installation script tar file.
.sp 2
   After installation, lsfinstall is located in
   LSF_TOP/7.0/install/.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-f \fIoption_file\fB\fR
.br
               Name of the file containing the installation
               options. The file can be any name you choose. The
               name of the default template file for normal
               installation is install.config. To install slave
               hosts for dynamic host configuration, use the
               template file slave.config.
.sp 2
   \fB-s\fR
.br
               Install a dynamic slave host.
.sp 2
               Specify installation options in the slave.config
               file.
.sp 2
               Required parameters:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LSF_SERVER_HOSTS="\fIhost_name\fR
                     [\fIhost_name\fR ...]"
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LSF_TOP="/\fIpath\fR"
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LSF_TARDIR="/\fIpath\fR"
.sp 2
               Optional parameters:
.sp 2
               LSF_LIM_PORT=\fIport_number\fR
.sp 2
               If the master host does not use the default
               LSF_LIM_PORT, you must specify the same
               LSF_LIM_PORT defined in lsf.conf on the master
               host.
.sp 2
               LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES="\fIresource\fR ..."
.sp 2
               Defines the local resources for a dynamic host.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     For numeric resources, defined name-value
                     pairs:
.sp 2
                     "[resourcemap value*resource_name]"
.sp 2
                 o  
                     For Boolean resources, the value is the
                     resource name in the form:
.sp 2
                     "[resource resource_name]"
.sp 2
               For example:
.sp 2
               LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES="[hostname hostA] [server 1] [resourcemap 1*verilog] [resource linux]"
.sp 2
                  \fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
                     If LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES are already defined
                     in a local lsf.conf on the slave host,
                     lsfinstall does not add resources you define
                     in LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES in slave.config.
.sp 2
               lsfinstall creates a local lsf.conf for the slave
               host, which sets the following parameters:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LSF_CONFDIR="/\fIpath\fR"
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LSF_GET_CONF=lim
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LSF_LIM_PORT=\fIport_number \fR
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES="\fIresource\fR ..."
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LSF_SERVER_HOSTS="\fIhost_name\fR
                     [\fIhost_name\fR ...]"
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LSF_VERSION=7.0
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsf.conf, install.config, slave.config
.sp 2
