
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsfstartup 8 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsfstartup\fR
.sp 2
   starts LIM, RES, sbatchd, and mbatchd on all hosts in the
   cluster
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsfstartup [-f ]
.sp 2
lsfstartup [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
      \fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
         This command can only be used by root or users listed in
         lsf.sudoers.
.sp 2
   Starts LIM, RES, sbatchd, and mbatchd, in that order, on all
   hosts.
.sp 2
   By default, prompts for confirmation of the next operation if
   an error is encountered.
.sp 2
   If LSF daemons are already running, use lsfrestart instead, or
   use lsfshutdown and shut down the running daemons before you
   use lsfstartup.
.sp 2
   To be able to control all daemons in the cluster:
.sp 2
     o  
         The file /etc/lsf.sudoers has to be set up properly.
.sp 2
     o  
         You must be able to run the rsh or ssh command across
         all LSF hosts without having to enter a password. See
         your operating system documentation for information
         about configuring the rsh and ssh commands.
.sp 2
   The shell command specified by LSF_RSH in lsf.conf is used
   before rsh is tried.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-f\fR
.br
               Force mode. Continues to start daemons even if an
               error is encountered.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsadmin(8), badmin(8), lsfshutdown(8), lsfrestart(8),
   lsf.sudoers(5)
.sp 2
