.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.hy 0
.nh
.na
.TH mbschd 8 "October 2008" "" "Platform LSF Version 7"
.br

.SH NAME
\fBmbschd\fR - LSF scheduling daemon

.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR
.PP

.IP
LSF_SERVERDIR/mbschd [-h] [-V] [-C] [-d env_dir] [-debug_level]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR
.PP
mbschd runs on the LSF master server host and performs the scheduling functions of LSF. It is responsible for assigning jobs to specific hosts and sending its scheduling decisions to the Master Batch Daemon (mbatchd). mbatchd then dispatches jobs to sbatchd on the execution host.  mbatchd runs on the same host as the master Load Information Manager (LIM) and is responsible for starting a scheduler daemon, mbschd, on its master host for the local LSF cluster. Never start mbschd manually without the -C option.  
.PP
A new mbschd is started if the host of the current mbschd fails, and no jobs are lost, 
except those running on the failed host. These jobs may be rerun from the 
beginning on some other host or, if they are checkpointable, restarted from their 
last checkpoint. 
mbschd reads lsf.conf to get the environment information. Use the -d option to change the default location of the LSF environment directory containing lsf.conf.  
.SH OPTIONS
.BR
.PP

.SS -h
.BR
.PP

.PP
Prints command usage to stderr and exits

.SS -V 
.BR
.PP

.PP
Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits

.SS -C 
.BR
.PP

.PP
If specified, mbschd checks the syntax of the LSF configuration files, prints verbose 
messages to stdout, and exits. mbschd with the -C option does not have to be run 
on the master host (as returned by lsid(1)). 

.PP
Do not start mbschd manually without the -C option. 

.SS -d env_dir 
.BR
.PP

.PP
Reads the lsf.conf file from the directory env_dir, rather than from the default 
directory /etc, or from the directory set by LSF_ENVDIR. 

.SS -debug_level 
.BR
.PP

.PP
Sets debug mode level. Valid values are either 1 or 2. When debug mode is set, the 
daemons are run in debug mode and can be started by a normal user (non-root). If 
debug level is 1, mbschd runs in the background when started. If debug level is 2, 
mbschd stays in foreground. mbschd is always started by sbatchd with the same 
options, and therefore has the same debug level. If LSF daemons are running in 
debug mode, LSB_DEBUG must be defined in lsf.conf for LSF commands to 
communicate with the daemons. 

.SH ERROR REPORTING
.BR
.PP
mbschd has no controlling TTY. Serious errors are mailed to the LSF administrator. Less serious errors are sent to syslog with log level LOG_ERR, or, if LSF_LOGDIR is defined in lsf.conf. written to the file LSF_LOGDIR/mbschd.log.host_name.  
.SH FILES
.BR
.PP
lsb.modules(5)  
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR
.PP
mbatchd(8), sbatchd(8)

.\" Generated by Quadralay WebWorks Publisher 2003 for FrameMaker 8.0.5.1556
.\" Generated on October 01, 2008 
.\" Man section: 8 
.\" File Name: mbschd 
.\" Release Date: October 2008
.\" Product Version: Platform LSF Version 7
.\" Based on template man_page_wwp8
.\" Copyright 1994-2008 Platform Computing Corporation
