
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH patchinstall 8 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBpatchinstall\fR
.sp 2
   UNIX only. Manage patches in a licensed Platform cluster.
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
patchinstall [-f env_file] [--silent] package...
.sp 2
patchinstall -c [-f env_file] [--silent] package...
.sp 2
patchinstall -r [-f env_file] [--silent] package
.sp 2
patchinstall -r [-f env_file] [--silent] build_number
.sp 2
patchinstall -h
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Permission required to run this command depends on the package
   contents and the original cluster installation account; you
   should normally log on as root, but you can patch some
   binaries as cluster administrator (lsfadmin).
.sp 2
   By default, the command installs one or more packages in an
   existing cluster.
.sp 2
   The cluster location is normally determined by your
   environment setting, so ensure your environment is set before
   you run this command (for example, you sourced cshrc.lsf or
   profile.lsf).
.sp 2
   Specify the packages you want to install.
.sp 2
   The installer does some checking first. If it does not find a
   problem, it prompts you to proceed with installation. If you
   confirm, it backs up the current binaries to the patch backup
   directory and then installs the specified packages on the
   cluster, updating or adding new binaries. It does not modify
   any existing configuration files. If there is any problem
   during installation of a package, it automatically rolls back
   to the cluster’s previous state. It records the changes in the
   patch history directory. This additional checking can take
   more time than installing with lsfinstall.
.sp 2
   The command can also be used to do the following:
.sp 2
     o  
         Check—do the checking for the packages without
         installing them. For more information, see the -c
         option.
.sp 2
     o  
         Roll back—remove the most recent patch and return the
         cluster to the previous patch level. If you want to roll
         back multiple versions, you must roll back one patch
         level at a time, in the reverse order of installation.
         For more information, see the -r option.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-c \fR
.br
               Check. Perform checking as if to install, but do
               not proceed with installation.
.sp 2
               Specify each package you want to check. You may
               specify multiple packages.
.sp 2
               Checks that the existing cluster is compatible
               with the patch (the same version of the product is
               already installed on the same binary types). Fixes
               and fix packs may also require that a specific
               enhancement pack be installed.
.sp 2
               Checks that your user account has permission to
               write to the installation directory, backup
               directory, and history directory.
.sp 2
               Lists existing files that will be overwritten by
               the patch.
.sp 2
               Lists files that to be added by the patch.
.sp 2
   \fB-f \fIenv_file\fB\fR
.br
               This option should only be used if you cannot set
               your environment (for example, you cannot source
               cshrc.lsf or profile.lsf).
.sp 2
               Specify the full path and file name of a file
               (such as your LSF install.config file) that
               properly defines the parameter LSF_TOP.
.sp 2
               If you use this option, the command gets the
               cluster location from this file, not from the
               settings in your environment.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Outputs command usage and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-r \fR
.br
               Rollback. You must specify the most recently
               installed patch. The installer checks all binary
               types and finds all instances where the most
               recently installed patch has the same build
               number. These packages are removed and the cluster
               reverts to the previous patch level.
.sp 2
               Specify the build number of the most recent patch
               or specify full path to the package you used to
               install the most recent patch, The installer
               automatically checks the package to determine the
               build. You cannot specify any other build.
.sp 2
               To remove multiple patches and roll back multiple
               versions, you must run the command multiple times
               and roll back one patch level at a time.
.sp 2
               You cannot roll back if the backup files from the
               previous patch level are unavailable (if you
               deleted them from the patch backup directory).
.sp 2
   \fB--silent\fR
.br
               Silent mode. Install or roll back without any
               interactive prompts for confirmation.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   Status information and prompts are displayed in your command
   console.
.sp 2
   Status information is also logged to patch.log (when patching
   or rolling back the cluster) or precheck.log (when checking a
   package).
.sp 2
   If there are any problems found when checking a package,
   errors are displayed in your command console and also logged
   to patch.err.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         pversions command: displays the patch level of products
         installed in your cluster
.sp 2
     o  
         install.config file: describes the parameter LSF_TOP
.sp 2
     o  
         patch.conf file: defines backup and history directories
