.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.hy 0
.nh
.na
.TH pem 8 "June 2007   Platform EGO 1.2.2"
.br

.SH NAME
\fBpem\fR - Process execution daemon, monitoring execution.

.SH Synopsis
.BR
.PP
 pem [-d conf_dir] [-1 | -2]  pem -h  pem -V 
.SH Description
.BR
.PP

.PP
There is at least one pem daemon on every host in the cluster: on Windows, there is 
one per host; on Linux, there is one pem daemon per host, plus one for every activity 
running on that host--the number varies with the number of activities running at 
any given time.

.PP
The pem daemon starts all activities and monitors the activity life cycle.
 pem is started automatically by the lim daemon, and exits when lim exits. 
.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start pem manually except with the -V option to check the version 
configuration.

.SH Options
.BR
.PP

.SS -d conf_dir
.BR
.PP

.PP
Starts the daemon, reading from the EGO configuration file ego.conf in the 
specified directory, rather than from the directory set via the EGO_CONFDIR 
environment variable.

.PP
Use this option when starting the daemon in debug mode.

.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start the daemon manually unless directed to do so by Platform Technical 
Support.

.SS -1
.BR
.PP

.PP
Starts the daemon in the background, with no associated control terminal. Outputs 
log messages into log file.

.SS -2
.BR
.PP

.PP
Starts the daemon in debug mode. When running in debug mode, the daemon runs 
in the foreground, displaying the log messages. Outputs log messages to stderr.

.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start the daemon manually unless directed to do so by Platform Technical 
Support.

.SS -h
.BR
.PP

.PP
Outputs command usage and exits.

.SS -V
.BR
.PP

.PP
Outputs product version and exits.

.SH Files
.BR
.PP

.SS ego.conf
.BR
.PP

.PP
pem reads the configuration file ego.conf to retrieve the location of its 
configuration information. ego.conf is a generic configuration file shared by all 
daemons and clients. It contains configuration information and other information 
that dictates the behavior of the software.

.PP
pem reads ego.conf to retrieve the following information:

.SS EGO_PEM_PORT
.BR
.PP

.PP
The TCP port pem uses to serve all requests.

.SS EGO_LOGDIR
.BR
.PP

.PP
The directory used for message logs.

.SS EGO_LOG_MASK
.BR
.PP

.PP
The log level used to determine the amount of detail logged.

.SS EGO_DEBUG_PEM
.BR
.PP

.PP
The log class setting for pem.

.\" Generated by Quadralay WebWorks Publisher 2003 for FrameMaker 8.0.5.1556
.\" Generated on June 21, 2007 
.\" Man section: 8 
.\" File Name: pem 
.\" Based on template structured_wwp8_man_page
.\" Copyright 1994-2007 Platform Computing Corporation
