
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH perfadmin 8 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBperfadmin\fR
.sp 2
   Administer the LSF Reports (PERF) services.
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
perfadmin start service_name | all
.sp 2
perfadmin stop service_name | all
.sp 2
perfadmin [list | -h]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
      \fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
         This command can only be used by LSF administrators.
.sp 2
   Starts or stops the PERF services, or shows status.
.sp 2
   Run the command on the PERF host to control the following PERF
   services: loader controller (plc), job data transformer
   (jobdt), and data purger (purger). Run the command on the
   Derby database host to control the Derby database service
   (derbydb).
.sp 2
   If PERF services are controlled by EGO, let the EGO service
   controller start and stop the PERF services.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fBstart \fIservice_name\fB | \fRall\fB\fR
.br
               Starts the PERF services on the local host. You
               must specify the service name or the keyword all.
               Do not run this command on a host that is not the
               PERF host or Derby database host, you should only
               run one set of services per cluster.
.sp 2
   \fBstop \fIservice_name\fB | \fRall\fB\fR
.br
               Stops the PERF services on the local host. You
               must specify the service name or the keyword all.
.sp 2
   \fBlist \fR
.br
               Lists status of PERF services. Run this command on
               the PERF host or Derby database host.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Outputs command usage and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   Status information and prompts are displayed in your command
   console.
.sp 2
   \fBSERVICE\fR
.br
               The name of the PERF service.
.sp 2
   \fBSTATUS\fR
.br
               \fBSTARTED\fR
.br
                           Service is running.
.sp 2
               \fBSTOPPED\fR
.br
                           Service is not running.
.sp 2
               \fBUNKNOWN\fR
.br
                           Service status is unknown. The local
                           host may not be the PERF host or Derby
                           database host.
.sp 2
   \fBHOSTNAME\fR
.br
               Name of the host.
.sp 2
   \fBWSM_PID\fR
.br
               Process ID of the running service.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         pmcadmin command: administer the Platform Management
         Console (PMC)
.sp 2
     o  
         perfsetrc command: enable automatic startup of PERF
         services on a host
.sp 2
     o  
         perfremoverc command: disable automatic startup of PERF
         services on a host
.sp 2
