.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.hy 0
.nh
.na
.TH pim 8 "June 2007   Platform EGO 1.2.2"
.br

.SH NAME
\fBpim\fR - Process information daemon, collecting resource usage of running processes.

.SH Synopsis
.BR
.PP
 pim [-h] [-V] [-d env_dir] [-debug_level] 
.SH Description
.BR
.PP

.PP
The load information manager (lim) starts the pim daemon on every server host 
participating in load sharing. The pim collects resource usage of the processes 
running on the local host. The information collected by the pim is used by clustered 
application managers (such as Platform LSF) to monitor resource consumption and 
enforce usage limits.

.PP
The pim updates the process information every 15 minutes unless a clustered 
application manager queries this information. If queried, the pim updates the 
process information every EGO_PIM_SLEEPTIME seconds (where 
EGO_PIM_SLEEPTIME is defined in the ego.conf file). If not defined, the default 
value for EGO_PIM_SLEEPTIME is 15 seconds. If the information is not queried for 
more than 5 minutes, the pim reverts back to the 15 minute update period. 

.PP
The process information is stored in EGO_PIM_INFODIR/pim.info.<hostname> 
where EGO_PIM_INFODIR is defined in the ego.conf file. If this parameter is not 
defined, the default directory is /tmp. The pim daemon also reads this file when it 
starts up so that it can accumulate the resource usage of dead processes for existing 
process groups. 

.PP
note:  

.PP
The pim daemon needs read access to /dev/kmem or its equivalent. 

.SH Options
.BR
.PP

.SS -h 
.BR
.PP

.PP
Print command usage to stderr and exit. 

.SS -V
.BR
.PP

.PP
Print Platform EGO release version to stderr and exit. 

.SS -d env_dir 
.BR
.PP

.PP
Read ego.conf from the directory env_dir, rather than the default directory 
/etc, or the directory specified by the EGO_ENVDIR environment variable. 

.SS -debug_level 
.BR
.PP

.PP
Set the debug level. Valid values are 1 and 2. If specified, pim runs in debugging 
mode. If debug_level is 1, pim runs in the background with no associated control 
terminal. If debug_level is 2, pim runs in the foreground and prints error messages 
on to tty. The debug_level option overrides the environment variable 
EGO_LIM_DEBUG defined in ego.conf. 

.SH Files
.BR
.PP

.PP
/etc/ego.conf (by default) or EGO_ENVDIR/ego.conf

.\" Generated by Quadralay WebWorks Publisher 2003 for FrameMaker 8.0.5.1556
.\" Generated on June 21, 2007 
.\" Man section: 8 
.\" File Name: pim 
.\" Based on template structured_wwp8_man_page
.\" Copyright 1994-2007 Platform Computing Corporation
