
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH pmcadmin 8 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBpmcadmin\fR
.sp 2
   Administer the HPC Portal.
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
pmcadmin [start | stop | list | addrtm URL | -h ]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
      \fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
         This command can only be used by LSF administrators.
.sp 2
   Always run this command on the host that runs HPC Portal.
.sp 2
   This command is used to administer the HPC Portal.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fBstart\fR
.br
               Starts the Platform Management Console on the
               local host.
.sp 2
   \fBstop\fR
.br
               Stops the Platform Management Console on the local
               host.
.sp 2
   \fBlist \fR
.br
               Status of the HPC Portal service on the local
               host.
.sp 2
   \fBaddrtm \fIURL\fB\fR
.br
               RTM only. Integrate RTM web pages with HPC Portal.
               Specify the RTM main web page access URL. For
               example, specify http://\fIhost_name\fR/cacti
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Outputs command usage and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   Output of pmcadmin list.
.sp 2
   \fBSERVICE\fR
.br
               WEBGUI, the name of the HPC Portal service
.sp 2
   \fBSTATUS\fR
.br
               \fBSTARTED\fR
.br
                           HPC Portal is running.
.sp 2
               \fBSTOPPED\fR
.br
                           HPC Portal is not running.
.sp 2
               \fBUNKNOWN\fR
.br
                           HPC Portal status is unknown. The
                           local host may not be the HPC Portal
                           host.
.sp 2
   \fBHOSTNAME\fR
.br
               Name of the host.
.sp 2
   \fBWSM_PID\fR
.br
               Process ID of the service.
.sp 2
   \fBPORT\fR
.br
               Web server port.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         perfadmin command: administer PERF services
.sp 2
     o  
         pmcsetrc command: enable automatic startup of HPC Portal
         on a host
.sp 2
     o  
         pmcremoverc command: disable automatic startup of HPC
         Portal on a host
