
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH pversions 8 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fB\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2
\fBpversions (Windows)\fR
.sp 2
   Windows version of the command: displays the version
   information for Platform products installed on a Windows host.
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
pversions [product_name]
.sp 2
pversions -h
.sp 2
pversions -V
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the version and patch level of a Platform product
   installed on a Windows host, and the list of patches
   installed.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB\fIproduct_name\fB\fR
.br
               Specify the Platform product for which you want
               version information. Specify one of the following:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     EGO—to see version information for Platform
                     EGO
.sp 2
                 o  
                     Symphony—to see version information for
                     Platform Symphony and Symphony Developer’s
                     Edition
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LSF—to see version information for Platform
                     LSF
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits from the
               software.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints product version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2

.sp 2
\fBpversions (UNIX)\fR
.sp 2
   UNIX version of the command: displays the version information
   for Platform products installed on UNIX hosts.
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
pversions [-f env_file] [-p product_name]
.sp 2
pversions [-f env_file] -b build_number
.sp 2
pversions [-f env_file] -q file_name
.sp 2
pversions -c package_name
.sp 2
pversions -h
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   By default, displays the version and patch level of Platform
   products.
.sp 2
   The cluster location is normally determined by your
   environment setting, so ensure your environment is set before
   you run this command (for example, you sourced cshrc.lsf or
   profile.lsf).
.sp 2
   For each binary type, displays basic version information
   (package build date, build number, package installed date) and
   lists patches installed (package type, build number, date
   installed, fixes).
.sp 2
   Optionally, the command can also be used to do the following:
.sp 2
     o  
         Check the contents of a package before installing it
.sp 2
     o  
         Show information about a specific Platform product
         installed
.sp 2
     o  
         Show information about installed packages from specific
         build
.sp 2
     o  
         Find current versions of a specific Platform file and
         see information for each
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-f \fIenv_file\fB\fR
.br
               This option should only be used if you cannot set
               your environment (for example, you cannot source
               cshrc.lsf or profile.lsf).
.sp 2
               Specify the full path and file name of a file
               (such as your LSF install.config file) that
               properly defines the parameter LSF_TOP.
.sp 2
               If you use this option, the command gets the
               cluster location from this file, not from the
               settings in your environment.
.sp 2
   \fB-b build_number\fR
.br
               Specify the build number of an installed patch
               (you can specify the most recent full installation
               or patches installed after the most recent full
               installation).
.sp 2
               Displays information and the contents of the build
               (binary type and install date, notes, fixes, and
               files in the package).
.sp 2
   \fB-c package_name\fR
.br
               Specify the full path and file name of an
               uninstalled package. For this option, you do not
               need to set your environment because a cluster is
               not required.
.sp 2
               Displays package contents (notes, fixes, and files
               in the patch).
.sp 2
   \fB-p product_name\fR
.br
               Specify one Platform product to see information
               for that product only. Specify \fRLSF\fR to see
               information about LSF or \fRPMC\fR to see
               information about the Console package.
.sp 2
   \fB-q file_name\fR
.br
               Specify the file name of one installed file.
.sp 2
               For each binary type, displays basic version
               information and file location. If the binary has
               been updated after the most recent full
               installation, displays additional information
               about the most recent patch that updated the file
               (build number, fixes, notes, date installed)
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Outputs command usage and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   Information is displayed in your command console.
.sp 2 .SH "Product Version Information (Default and -p)"
\fBProduct Version Information (Default and -p)\fR
.sp 2
   By default, displays product information for entire cluster.
   With -p, displays information for specified product only.
.sp 2
   For each Platform product, displays product name and version
   followed by specific information about each binary type.
.sp 2
   For each binary type, displays basic version information
   (package build date, build number, package installed date) and
   lists any patches installed (package type, build number or fix
   number, date installed).
.sp 2
   \fBbinary type\fR
.br
               Binary type, build number of binary, and build
               date of the binary for the most recent full
               installation (a full installation is installation
               of any distribution that contains a complete set
               of new binaries. A full installation can be a new
               cluster, a licensed upgrade, or patching with an
               enhancement pack).
.sp 2
   \fBinstalled \fR
.br
               Date the binary was installed for the most recent
               full installation.
.sp 2
   \fBpatched\fR
.br
               For each patch after the most recent full
               installation, displays fix number, build number,
               and date patch was installed. If the patch was a
               fix pack, multiple fixes are listed.
.sp 2 .SH "File Version Information (-q)"
\fBFile Version Information (-q)\fR
.sp 2
   With -q, displays information for specified file only.
.sp 2
   For each Platform product that contains the specified file,
   displays product name and version followed by specific
   information about each binary type.
.sp 2
   For each binary type that contains the specified file,
   displays basic version information and file location. If the
   binary has been updated after the most recent full
   installation, displays additional information about the most
   recent patch that updated the file (build number, fixes,
   notes, date installed).
.sp 2
   \fBbinary type\fR
.br
               Binary type, build number of binary, and build
               date of the binary for the most recent full
               installation (a full installation is any
               distribution that contains a complete set of new
               binaries. A full installation can be a new cluster
               installation, a licensed version upgrade, or
               patching with an enhancement pack).
.sp 2
   \fBinstalled \fR
.br
               Date the binary was installed for the most recent
               full installation.
.sp 2
   \fBfile\fR
.br
               Full path to the version of the file being used
               for this binary type.
.sp 2
   \fBlast patched\fR
.br
               For the last patch to update the file after the
               most recent full installation, displays build
               number and date patch was installed.
.sp 2
   \fBlast patch notes\fR
.br
               Optional. Some information provided by Platform
               for the last patch that updated the file.
.sp 2
   \fBlast patch fixes\fR
.br
               Fixes included in the last patch that updated the
               file.
.sp 2 .SH "Build Version Information (-b)"
\fBBuild Version Information (-b)\fR
.sp 2
   With -b, displays information for patches with the specified
   build number only.
.sp 2
   For each Platform product, if the product is using binaries
   from the specified build, displays product name and version
   followed by specific information about each binary type.
.sp 2
   For each binary type, displays the following:
.sp 2
   \fBbinary type\fR
.br
               Binary type, build number and build date of the
               patch.
.sp 2
   \fBinstalled \fR
.br
               Date the patch was installed.
.sp 2
   \fBnotes\fR
.br
               Optional. Some information provided by Platform
               for the build.
.sp 2
   \fBfixes\fR
.br
               Fixes included in the patch.
.sp 2
   \fBfiles\fR
.br
               Files included in the patch (not shown for a full
               distribution such as enhancement pack). Full path
               to the file installed by this patch.
.sp 2 .SH "Package Version Information (-c)"
\fBPackage Version Information (-c)\fR
.sp 2
   With -c, displays version information for a specified
   uninstalled package.
.sp 2
   \fBproduct\fR
.br
               Displays Platform product name and version.
.sp 2
   \fBbinary type\fR
.br
               Binary type, build number and build date of the
               patch.
.sp 2
   \fBnotes\fR
.br
               Optional. Some information provided by Platform
               for the build.
.sp 2
   \fBfixes\fR
.br
               Fixes included in the patch.
.sp 2
   \fBfiles\fR
.br
               Files included in the patch (not shown for a full
               distribution such as enhancement pack). Relative
               path to the file.
