.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.hy 0
.nh
.na
.TH vemkd 8 "June 2007   Platform EGO 1.2.2"
.br

.SH NAME
\fBvemkd\fR - Platform EGO kernel daemon.

.SH Synopsis
.BR
.PP
 vemkd [-d conf_dir] [-2]  vemkd -C  vemkd -h  vemkd -V 
.SH Description
.BR
.PP

.PP
There is only one vemkd daemon in a cluster. It runs on the master host.

.PP
The vemkd daemon does the following:
.RS
.HP 3
o  
Starts the service controller daemon egosc
.HP 3
o  
Maintains security policies, allowing only authorized access
.HP 3
o  
Maintains resource allocation policies, distributing resources accordingly
.HP 3
o  
Serves as an information center where clients can query information about the 
cluster
.RE
 vemkd is started automatically by the lim daemon, and exits when lim exits. 
.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start vemkd manually except with the -V option to check the version 
configuration.

.SH Options
.BR
.PP

.SS -d conf_dir
.BR
.PP

.PP
Starts the daemon, reading from the EGO configuration file ego.conf in the 
specified directory, rather than from the directory set via the EGO_CONFDIR 
environment variable.

.PP
Use this option when starting the daemon in debug mode.

.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start the daemon manually unless directed to do so by Platform Technical 
Support.

.SS -2
.BR
.PP

.PP
Starts the daemon in debug mode. When running in debug mode, the daemon runs 
in the foreground, displaying the log messages.

.PP
caution:  

.PP
Never start the daemon manually unless directed to do so by Platform Technical 
Support.

.SS -C
.BR
.PP

.PP
Checks the configuration of the daemon and then exits.

.SS -h
.BR
.PP

.PP
Outputs command usage and exits.

.SS -V
.BR
.PP

.PP
Outputs product version and exits.

.SH EGO client
.BR
.PP

.PP
You can run an EGO client from any host to interact with vemkd, provided the client 
host has the environment set correctly with the EGO_CONFDIR environment 
variable pointing to the correct ego.conf file.

.PP
When the client has established a connection with vemkd, it can query general 
information about the cluster. To perform any control operations, the client needs 
to be logged on as an EGO user. You need to log on with at least consumer user 
access to request a resource from EGO, and with cluster administrator privileges to 
perform cluster-wide maintenance.

.SH Files
.BR
.PP

.SS ego.conf
.BR
.PP

.PP
vemkd reads the configuration file ego.conf to retrieve the location of its 
configuration information. ego.conf is a generic configuration file shared by all 
daemons and clients. It contains configuration information and other information 
that dictates the behavior of the software.

.PP
vemkd reads ego.conf to retrieve the following information:

.SS EGO_KD_PORT
.BR
.PP

.PP
The TCP port vemkd uses to serve all requests.

.SS EGO_WORKDIR
.BR
.PP

.PP
The directory used for data persistence.

.SS EGO_LOGDIR
.BR
.PP

.PP
The directory used for message logs.

.SS EGO_LOG_MASK
.BR
.PP

.PP
The log level used to determine the amount of detail logged.

.SS EGO_DEBUG_KD
.BR
.PP

.PP
The log class setting for vemkd.

.SS users.xml
.BR
.PP

.PP
Defines the EGO user accounts for the cluster.

.\" Generated by Quadralay WebWorks Publisher 2003 for FrameMaker 8.0.5.1556
.\" Generated on June 21, 2007 
.\" Man section: 8 
.\" File Name: vemkd 
.\" Based on template structured_wwp8_man_page
.\" Copyright 1994-2007 Platform Computing Corporation
