.\" ckpt_crt0.o.3ckpt,v 1.2 1994/07/30 15:28:28 xxue Exp
.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.TH CKPT_CRT0.O 3CKPT "1 August 1998"
.SH NAME
ckpt_crt0.o \- an execution startup routine for checkpointing
.LP
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is a replacement startup routine for the standard startup routine
.BR crt0.o .
It provides startup capabilities and environment for program execution.
It also initializes the data structures for the checkpointing facility.
For a restarted process, it restores the execution environment.
Programs to be checkpointed
should be linked with
.B ckpt_crt0.o
rather than
.B crt0.o
as the startup routine.
.PP
Two shell scripts
.B ckpt_ld
and
.B ckpt_ld_f
are provided as replacements for
.B ld
which 
accept the same parameters as
.B ld
does and will link application programs
with
.B ckpt_crt0.o
and the checkpoint user library
.B libckpt.a
automatically.
.B ckpt_ld
is for linking C programs and
.B ckpt_ld_f
is for Fortran programs.
.PP
For IRIX 6, there are 5 sets of the checkpoint user library
and the checkpoint startup routine,
\fBlibckpt.mips[2|3|4]-[32|64].a\fR,
\fBckpt_crt0.mips[2|3|4]-[32|64].o\fR. They are to be linked with object files
compiled under option "-mips2", "-mips3", or "-mips4", and option "-32", "-n32",
or "-64" for 32-bit or 64-bit code (see
.BR cc(1)).
\fBckpt_ld\fR and \fBckpt_ld_f\fR accept these compiler options and will
choose the correct checkpoint library and startup routine automatically.
The default is "-mips3 -32".
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ckpt_ld (1),
.BR ckpt_ld_f (1), 
.BR libckpt.a (3)
