.TH "glb_userinfo" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
glb_userinfo \- glb_userinfo 
Returns an array of users that are using license tokens and licenses.
.PP
\fBglb_userinfo\fP returns an array of \fBglbUser\fP structures, which contains information on each user that is using a license token and a license from the license server. The license server identifies users by the identifier user_name@host_name
.PP
\fB #include <glb/glb.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct \fBglbUser\fP *glb_userinfo(int *nusers, int *lmstatIntvl) \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*nusers\fP The number of users that are currently in the system. This parameter is used as a return value. 
.br
\fI*lmstatIntvl\fP The current lmstat interval. This parameter is used as a return value.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBglbUser\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
*glbUser 
.br
 An array of users currently using license tokens and licenses from the license server.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
On failure, glberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBglb_info\fP 
.PP
\fBglb_jobinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBglb_perror\fP 
.PP
\fBglb_userinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBglb_workloadinfo\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
glbUser \- This data structure represent a user using a license token and a license from the license server.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBfeature\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBserviceDomain\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBhost\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBversion\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBvendor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBndisplays\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBdisplay\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumlics\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBcheckoutTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhandle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBntasks\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBclient\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnonglb\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnTotalLic\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnpids\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int * \fBpids\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This data structure represent a user using a license token and a license from the license server. 

The license server identifies users by the identifier user@host. The API that returns the data structure is glb_serinfo(). 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBglbUser::feature\fP"
.PP
feature name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbUser::serviceDomain\fP"
.PP
service domain 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbUser::name\fP"
.PP
user name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbUser::host\fP"
.PP
host name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbUser::version\fP"
.PP
version 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbUser::vendor\fP"
.PP
vendor 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbUser::ndisplays\fP"
.PP
number of displays 
.PP
.SS "char** \fBglbUser::display\fP"
.PP
displays 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbUser::numlics\fP"
.PP
number of licenses 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbUser::checkoutTime\fP"
.PP
checkout time 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbUser::handle\fP"
.PP
handle 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbUser::ntasks\fP"
.PP
number of tasks 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbUser::client\fP"
.PP
client name 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbUser::nonglb\fP"
.PP
non-glb 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbUser::nTotalLic\fP"
.PP
total number of licenses 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbUser::npids\fP"
.PP
number of pids 
.PP
.SS "unsigned int* \fBglbUser::pids\fP"
.PP
pids 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
