.TH "glb_groupinfolist" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
glb_groupinfolist \- glb_groupinfolist 
Returns an array of License Scheduler project group information.
.PP
\fBglb_groupinfolist\fP returns an array of \fBglbGroupInfoList\fP structures, which contains the License Scheduler project hierarchical group information.
.PP
\fB #include <glb/glb.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct \fBglbGroupInfoList\fP *glb_groupinfolist(int *num) \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*num\fP The number of desired \fBglbGroupInfoList\fP structures returned in the array.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBglbGroupInfoList\fP 
.br
\fBglbGroupInfo\fP 
.br
\fBgroupWeight\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
*glbGroupInfoList 
.br
 A list of License Scheduler project group information.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
On failure, glberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.licensescheduler
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBglb_init_all\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
glbGroupInfoList \- List of glb group information.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnum\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBfeaturename\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBsdlist\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtotalavail\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBglbGroupInfo\fP * \fBgroups\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBusePercent\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
List of glb group information. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBglbGroupInfoList::num\fP"
.PP
Number of the entry in list. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbGroupInfoList::featurename\fP"
.PP
Name of feature. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbGroupInfoList::sdlist\fP"
.PP
Service domains. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbGroupInfoList::totalavail\fP"
.PP
Total number of the available groups. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBglbGroupInfo\fP* \fBglbGroupInfoList::groups\fP"
.PP
Information of the groups. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbGroupInfoList::usePercent\fP"
.PP
Percentage of used. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
glbGroupInfo \- Informations for a glb group.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBpath\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBgroupWeight\fP * \fBw\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumChildren\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Informations for a glb group. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBglbGroupInfo::name\fP"
.PP
Group name. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbGroupInfo::path\fP"
.PP
Group path. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBgroupWeight\fP* \fBglbGroupInfo::w\fP"
.PP
Group weight. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbGroupInfo::numChildren\fP"
.PP
Number of children. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
groupWeight \- Informations for a glb group weight.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBshares\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBdshares\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBown\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBownPer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlimit\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlimitPer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBuse\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBause\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBreserve\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBneed\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdeserve\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBfree\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnonshared\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnonsharedPer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpriority\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBpD\fP [MAXDESCRIPTION]"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Informations for a glb group weight. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::shares\fP"
.PP
assigned shares 
.PP
.SS "double \fBgroupWeight::dshares\fP"
.PP
relative to others shares 
.PP
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::own\fP"
.PP
usual ownership 
.PP
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::ownPer\fP"
.PP
ownership percentage 
.PP
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::limit\fP"
.PP
limit of licenses 
.PP
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::limitPer\fP"
.PP
limit percentage 
.PP
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::use\fP"
.PP
use determined in each session 
.PP
.SS "double \fBgroupWeight::ause\fP"
.PP
accumulated use, scaled 
.PP
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::reserve\fP"
.PP
reserved 
.PP
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::need\fP"
.PP
license need 
.PP
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::deserve\fP"
.PP
total x dshares - use 
.PP
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::free\fP"
.PP
free to use 
.PP
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::nonshared\fP"
.PP
number of nonshared 
.PP
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::nonsharedPer\fP"
.PP
nonshared percentage 
.PP
.SS "int \fBgroupWeight::priority\fP"
.PP
priority defined in the ProjectGroup 
.PP
.SS "char \fBgroupWeight::pD\fP[MAXDESCRIPTION]"
.PP
project description 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
