.TH "glb_jobinfo" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
glb_jobinfo \- glb_jobinfo 
Returns an array of running jobs that are using license tokens and licenses.
.PP
\fBglb_jobinfo\fP returns an array of \fBglbJob\fP structures, which contains information on each job that is using a license token and a license from the license server. Each job is either an LSF batch job or a taskman-controlled application.
.PP
\fB #include <glb/glb.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct \fBglbJob\fP *glb_jobinfo(int *njobs) \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*njobs\fP The number of jobs that are currently in the system. This parameter is used as a return value.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBglbJob\fP 
.br
\fBglbJobSpec\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
*glbJob 
.br
 An array of running jobs currently using license tokens and licenses from the license server.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
On failure, glberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBglb_info\fP 
.PP
\fBglb_param\fP 
.PP
\fBglb_perror\fP 
.PP
\fBglb_userinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBglb_workloadinfo\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
glbJob \- This data structure represent a running job using license tokens and a license from the license server.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBjobid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBclient\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBuser\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBhost\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBcluster\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstarttime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnSpec\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBglbJobSpec\fP * \fBjobSpec\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This data structure represent a running job using license tokens and a license from the license server. 

A job is either an LSF batch job or a taskman controlled application. The API the returns the structure id \fBglb_jobinfo\fP. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBglbJob::jobid\fP"
.PP
jobId 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbJob::client\fP"
.PP
client name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbJob::user\fP"
.PP
user name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbJob::host\fP"
.PP
host name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbJob::cluster\fP"
.PP
cluster name 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbJob::starttime\fP"
.PP
start time 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbJob::status\fP"
.PP
job status 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbJob::nSpec\fP"
.PP
number of job specifications 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBglbJobSpec\fP* \fBglbJob::jobSpec\fP"
.PP
job specifications 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
glbJobSpec \- This represent a job specification, i.e.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBfeature\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBflexname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrusage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBserver\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBserverloc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBntty\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBttys\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
This represent a job specification, i.e. 

the licenses requested by the job and their number. This data structure also captures from which Service Domain are the licenses checked out. This data is returned as part of the \fBglbJob\fP data by the \fBglb_jobinfo\fP API. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBglbJobSpec::feature\fP"
.PP
feature name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbJobSpec::flexname\fP"
.PP
flex sever name 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbJobSpec::rusage\fP"
.PP
job's rusage 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbJobSpec::server\fP"
.PP
server name 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBglbJobSpec::serverloc\fP"
.PP
server location 
.PP
.SS "int \fBglbJobSpec::ntty\fP"
.PP
number of ttys 
.PP
.SS "char** \fBglbJobSpec::ttys\fP"
.PP
ttys 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
