.TH "ls_clusterinfo" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_clusterinfo \- ls_clusterinfo 
Returns general information about LSF clusters.
.PP
This routine returns general configuration information about LSF clusters.
.PP
\fBls_clusterinfo\fP returns an array of \fBclusterInfo\fP data structures, as defined in <lsf/lsf.h>. Each entry contains information about one cluster. The information includes cluster name, cluster status, the master host name, LSF primary administrator login name (for backward compatibility), LSF primary administrator user Id (for backward compatibility), total number of server hosts, total number of client hosts, available resource names, host types, host models, total number of LSF administrators, LSF administrator user Ids and LSF administrator login names.
.PP
The parameter resreq is designed to select eligible clusters that satisfy the given resource requirements from candidate clusters. This parameter is currently ignored. clusterlist gives a list of cluster names whose information should be returned, if they satisfy the resreq. If clusterlist is NULL, then all clusters known to LSF satisfying resreq will be returned. listsize gives the size of the clusterlist. If numhosts is not NULL, then *numhosts will be modified to return the number of clusters selected. The parameter options is currently ignored.
.PP
This routine returns a pointer to dynamically allocated data which can be freed in subsequent calls.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsf.h> 
.br
 struct \fBclusterInfo\fP *ls_clusterinfo(char *resreq, int *numclusters, char **clusterlist, int listsize, int options)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*resreq\fP Select eligible clusters that satisfy the given resource requirements from candidate clusters. This parameter is currently ignored. 
.br
\fI*numclusters\fP If numclusters is not NULL, then *numclusters will be modified to return the number of clusters selected. 
.br
\fI**clusterlist\fP Gives a list of cluster names whose information should be returned, if they satisfy the resreq. If clusterlist is NULL, then all clusters known to LSF satisfying resreq will be returned. 
.br
\fIlistsize\fP The size of the clusterlist. 
.br
\fIoption\fP The parameter options is currently ignored.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBclusterInfo\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBclusterInfo\fP *:A pointer to the cluster information. 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
NULL 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.shared 
.br
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.cluster.cluster_name
.PP
.SH "See also:"
none 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
clusterInfo \- The information of a cluster.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBclusterName\fP [MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBmasterName\fP [MAXHOSTNAMELEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBmanagerName\fP [MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmanagerId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumServers\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumClients\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnRes\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBresources\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnTypes\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBhostTypes\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnModels\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBhostModels\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnAdmins\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int * \fBadminIds\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBadmins\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBanalyzerLicFlag\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBjsLicFlag\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBafterHoursWindow\fP [MAXLINELEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBpreferAuthName\fP [MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBinUseAuthName\fP [MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The information of a cluster. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char \fBclusterInfo::clusterName\fP[MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.PP
The cluster name. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBclusterInfo::status\fP"
.PP
The cluster status. 
.PP
.SS "char \fBclusterInfo::masterName\fP[MAXHOSTNAMELEN]"
.PP
The master host name. 
.PP
.SS "char \fBclusterInfo::managerName\fP[MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.PP
The manager name. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBclusterInfo::managerId\fP"
.PP
The manager ID. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBclusterInfo::numServers\fP"
.PP
Number of hosts that run LSF servers. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBclusterInfo::numClients\fP"
.PP
Number of client-only hosts. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBclusterInfo::nRes\fP"
.PP
Num of resources. 
.PP
.SS "char** \fBclusterInfo::resources\fP"
.PP
List of available resources. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBclusterInfo::nTypes\fP"
.PP
The number of types. 
.PP
.SS "char** \fBclusterInfo::hostTypes\fP"
.PP
List of available host types. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBclusterInfo::nModels\fP"
.PP
The number of models. 
.PP
.SS "char** \fBclusterInfo::hostModels\fP"
.PP
List of available host models. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBclusterInfo::nAdmins\fP"
.PP
Num of administrators. 
.PP
.SS "int* \fBclusterInfo::adminIds\fP"
.PP
List of uids of administrator. 
.PP
.SS "char** \fBclusterInfo::admins\fP"
.PP
List of administrator names. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBclusterInfo::analyzerLicFlag\fP"
.PP
This flag is not used, kept for compatibility. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBclusterInfo::jsLicFlag\fP"
.PP
Cluster wide js licensing. 
.PP
.SS "char \fBclusterInfo::afterHoursWindow\fP[MAXLINELEN]"
.PP
Cluster wide After-Hour window. 
.PP
.SS "char \fBclusterInfo::preferAuthName\fP[MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.PP
Prefer authenication method name. 
.PP
read from lsf.cluster file. 
.SS "char \fBclusterInfo::inUseAuthName\fP[MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.PP
Authenication method name in use. 
.PP
negotiated between clusters during cluster info exchange. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
