.TH "ls_donerex" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_donerex \- ls_donerex 
Kills the Network I/O server (NIOS) and restores the tty environment before a remote execution connection is closed.
.PP
\fBls_donerex\fP kills the Network I/O server (NIOS) and restores the tty environment before a remote execution connection is closed. You need to call this routine only if a remote execution was started by either \fBls_rtask\fP or \fBls_rtaske\fP, and the option REXF_USEPTY was set. If the application exits without calling this routine, the terminal may behave abnormally on occasion. If the option REXF_USEPTY is not specified when either \fBls_rtask\fP or \fBls_rtaske\fP is called, there is no need to call \fBls_donerex\fP.
.PP
Any program using this routine must call \fBls_initrex\fP first.
.PP
Any program using this API must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
\fB #include <lsf/lsf.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int ls_donerex(void) \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fInone\fP 
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_initrex\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rtask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rtaske\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
