.TH "ls_deleteltask" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_deleteltask \- ls_deleteltask 
Deletes the specified task from the local task list.
.PP
LSLIB library routine for manipulating task lists stored by LSLIB. Task lists contain information about the eligibility of tasks for remote execution and their resource requirement characteristics. LSLIB maintains two task lists: local and remote. The local list contains tasks (i.e. UNIX processes) that must be executed on the local host (for example, ps, uptime, hostname). The remote list contains tasks that are suitable for remote execution (for example, compress), together with their resource requirements.
.PP
Task lists are generated and stored in memory by reading the system task file() and the .lsftask file in the user's home directory. The task lists can be updated and displayed using the command lsltasks(). See the LSF User's Guide for detailed information on the use of task lists and resource requirements.
.PP
\fBls_deleteltask\fP deletes the specified task from the local task list. 
.br
 task is a char string containing a task name.
.PP
For example, 
.br
 'cc/select[swp>20 || (mem>10 && pg<5)] order[swp:pg] rusage[swp=20]' 
.br
 See Administering Platform LSF for a description of the resource requirement string.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsf.h> 
.br
 int ls_deleteltask(char *task)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*task\fP The task to be deleted from the local task list.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task 
.br
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task.cluster_name 
.br
$HOME/.lsftask
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_eligible\fP 
.PP
\fBls_resreq\fP 
.PP
\fBls_listrtask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_listltask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_insertrtask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_insertltask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_deletertask\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
