.TH "ls_errlog" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_errlog \- ls_errlog 
Logs error messages.
.PP
\fBls_errlog\fP is a LSLIB library routine for logging LSF error messages. The global variable lserrno, maintained by LSLIB, indicates the error number of the most recent LSLIB call that caused an error.
.PP
\fBls_errlog\fP is very similar to the fprintf() function, except that it prints out the time before it prints other information. You can specify an additional conversion char 'm' in the format to represent the error message that corresponds to lserrno. This function is typically used by load sharing applications running in the background (such as daemons) to log error messages to a log file.
.PP
The vector of error message strings, ls_errmsg[ ], is provided for the benefit of application programs. You can use lserrno as an index into this table to obtain the corresponding LSF error message. The global variable ls_nerr indicates the size of the table.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsf.h> 
.br
 void ls_errlog(FILE *fp, char *fmt, ...)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*fp\fP File pointer where the error messages are logged. 
.br
\fI*fmt\fP Format string of error messages. 
.br
\fIls_errmsg\fP Vector of error message strings, provided for the benefit of application programs. 
.br
\fIlserrno\fP Index into this table to obtain the corresponding LSF error message. 
.br
\fIls_nerr\fP Indicates the size of the table.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
void 
.br
 There is no return value.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
Systems that conform to the Single UNIX specification are not required to detect error conditions for this function.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
lsf/lsf.h
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_perror\fP 
.PP
\fBls_sysmsg\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
