.TH "ls_findmyconnections" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_findmyconnections \- ls_findmyconnections 
Finds established connections to hosts.
.PP
\fBls_findmyconnections\fP retrieves the list of hosts with which the application has established a connection. A connection is established upon the first successful return from an \fBls_connect\fP, \fBls_rtask\fP, \fBls_rtaske\fP, \fBls_rexecv\fP, or \fBls_rexecve\fP call. The returned host name list is terminated by a NULL value. The function maintains a static array, each element of which points to a host name. This array is overwritten the next time \fBls_findmyconnections\fP is called. If a connection is not found, the first element of the array is a NULL pointer.
.PP
Any program using these routines must call \fBls_initrex\fP first.
.PP
Any program using these routines must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsf.h> 
.br
 char **ls_findmyconnections(void)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fInone\fP 
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
char **:A list of hostnames which members in the connection table. 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
Null 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
Systems that conform to the Single UNIX specification are not required to detect error conditions for this function.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_connect\fP 
.PP
\fBls_isconnected\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rtask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rtaske\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rexecv\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rexecve\fP 
.PP
\fBls_initrex\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
