.TH "ls_getstdin" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_getstdin \- ls_getstdin 
Allows an application program to query and specify how stdin is assigned to remote tasks.
.PP
\fBls_getstdin\fP gives an application program the ability to query and specify how stdin is assigned to remote tasks. It allows you to assign stdin to to all remote tasks. You can change this setting at any time.
.PP
\fBls_getstdin\fP gets the list of remote task IDs that receive (or do not receive) standard input. If on is non-zero, the task IDs of the remote tasks that are enabled to receive standard input are stored in tidlist. maxlen is the size of the tidlist array. If on is zero, then the IDs of remote tasks whose standard input is disabled are returned. The ID of a task is assigned by the LSLIB when \fBls_rtask\fP is called.
.PP
Upon success, \fBls_getstdin\fP returns the number of entries stored in tidlist. On failure, -1 is returned, and the error code is stored in lserrno. In particular, if there are more than maxlen remote task IDs to be returned, lserrno is set to LSE_RPIDLISTLEN.
.PP
Any program using this routine must call \fBls_initrex\fP first.
.PP
Any program using this API must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
\fB #include <lsf/lsf.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int ls_getstdin(int on, int *tidlist, int maxlen) \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIon\fP If on is non-zero, the task IDs of the remote tasks that are enabled to receive standard input are stored in tidlist. If on is zero, then the IDs of remote tasks whose standard input is disabled are returned. The ID of a task is assigned by the LSLIB when \fBls_rtask\fP is called. 
.br
\fI*tidlist\fP tidlist gives the list of task IDs of the remote tasks to be operated upon. 
.br
\fImaxlen\fP The size of the tidlist array.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:Number of Entries Stored. 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error. If there are more than maxlen remote task IDs to be returned, lserrno is set to LSE_RPIDLISTLEN.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_stdinmode\fP 
.PP
\fBls_setstdin\fP 
.PP
\fBls_initrex\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
