.TH "ls_gethostfactor" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_gethostfactor \- ls_gethostfactor 
Returns a pointer to a floating point number that contains the CPU factor of the specified host.
.PP
This routine obtains static resource information about hosts. Static resources include configuration information as determined by LSF configuration files (see lsf.shared and lsf.cluster) as well as others determined automatically by LIM at start up.
.PP
\fBls_gethostfactor\fP returns a pointer to a floating point number that contains the CPU factor of the specified host.
.PP
This routine returns a pointer to dynamically allocated data structures which can be freed in subsequent calls.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsf.h> 
.br
 float *ls_gethostfactor(char *hostname)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*hostname\fP The host to which the floating point number is returned.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
float *:A pointer to the CPU factor of the specified host. 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
NULL 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.shared 
.br
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.cluster.cluster_name
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_gethosttype\fP 
.PP
\fBls_gethostmodel\fP 
.PP
\fBls_gethostinfo\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
