.TH "ls_insertltask" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_insertltask \- ls_insertltask 
Adds the specified task to the local task list.
.PP
LSLIB library routine for manipulating task lists stored by LSLIB. Task lists contain information about the eligibility of tasks for remote execution and their resource requirement characteristics. LSLIB maintains two task lists: local and remote. The local list contains tasks (i.e. UNIX processes) that must be executed on the local host (for example, ps, uptime, hostname). The remote list contains tasks that are suitable for remote execution (for example, compress),together with their resource requirements.
.PP
Task lists are generated and stored in memory by reading the system task file() and the .lsftask file in the user's home directory. The task lists can be updated and displayed using the command lsltasks(). See the LSF User's Guide for detailed information on the use of task lists and resource requirements.
.PP
\fBls_insertltask\fP adds the specified task to the local task list.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsf.h> 
.br
 int ls_insertltask(char *task)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*task\fP Task is a char string containing the name of the task to be inesrted. 
.br
 For example, 
.br
 'cc/select[swp>20 || (mem>10 && pg<5)] order[swp:pg] rusage[swp=20]' 
.br
 See Administering Platform LSF for a description of the resource requirement string.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task 
.br
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task.cluster_name 
.br
$HOME/.lsftask
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_eligible\fP 
.PP
\fBls_resreq\fP 
.PP
\fBls_listrtask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_listltask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_insertrtask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_deletertask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_deleteltask\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
