.TH "ls_info" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_info \- ls_info 
Returns a pointer to an \fBlsInfo\fP structure.
.PP
This routine provides access to LSF cluster configuration information. On success, \fBls_info\fP returns a pointer to an \fBlsInfo\fP structure, which contains complete load sharing configuration information. This information includes the name of the cluster, the name of the current cluster master host, the set of defined resources, the set of defined host types and models, the CPU factors of the host models, and all load indices (resTable[0] through resTable[numIndx - 1]), including the site defined external load indices (resTable[MAX + 1] through resTable[MAX + numUsrIndx]).
.PP
The set of defined resource items is a list of all resources that may be assigned to various hosts in the cluster. The resource names can be used to build expressions for querying information about hosts, or for describing how tasks are to be scheduled. New resources may be defined as desired by the LSF administrator.
.PP
The valueType component of the \fBresItem\fP structure indicates whether the type of the resource is NUMERIC, STRING, or BOOLEAN.
.PP
The orderType indicates how hosts should be ordered from best to worst based on the resource. If the orderType is INCR, the hosts should be ordered from the lowest to the highest value for that resource; if DECR, they should be ordered from the highest to lowest. If the orderType is NA, then the resource cannot be used to order hosts.
.PP
The flags component is used to indicate the attributes of the resource. It is formed from the bitwise inclusive OR of zero or more of the following flags, as defined in <lsf/lsf.h>: Defined in \fBdefs_ls_info\fP
.PP
The interval component applies to resources with dynamic values. It indicates how frequently (in seconds) the resource value is evaluated.
.PP
The set of host types hostTypes in the \fBlsInfo\fP structure is a list of all defined host architectures in the cluster. All machines that can run the same binaries are generally considered to be of the same host type.
.PP
The set of host models hostModels in \fBlsInfo\fP structure is a list of all defined computer models in the cluster. Generally, machines of the same host type that have exactly the same performance characteristics are considered to be the same model.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsf.h> 
.br
 struct \fBlsInfo\fP *ls_info(void)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fInone\fP 
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBlsInfo\fP 
.br
\fBresItem\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBdefs_ls_info\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBlsInfo\fP *:A pointer to the information of LS configurations. 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
NULL 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.shared 
.br
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.cluster.cluster_name
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_getclustername\fP 
.PP
\fBls_getmastername\fP 
.PP
\fBls_getmodelfactor\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsInfo \- Information of LS configurations.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnRes\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBresItem\fP * \fBresTable\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnTypes\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBhostTypes\fP [MAXTYPES][MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnModels\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBhostModels\fP [MAXMODELS][MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBhostArchs\fP [MAXMODELS][MAXLSFNAMELEN_70_EP1]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmodelRefs\fP [MAXMODELS]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBcpuFactor\fP [MAXMODELS]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumIndx\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumUsrIndx\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Information of LS configurations. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBlsInfo::nRes\fP"
.PP
Number of resource in the cluster. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBresItem\fP* \fBlsInfo::resTable\fP"
.PP
All resource items in the cluster. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBlsInfo::nTypes\fP"
.PP
Number of host type. 
.PP
.SS "char \fBlsInfo::hostTypes\fP[MAXTYPES][MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.PP
Type name. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBlsInfo::nModels\fP"
.PP
Number of host model. 
.PP
.SS "char \fBlsInfo::hostModels\fP[MAXMODELS][MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.PP
Model name. 
.PP
.SS "char \fBlsInfo::hostArchs\fP[MAXMODELS][MAXLSFNAMELEN_70_EP1]"
.PP
Architecture name. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBlsInfo::modelRefs\fP[MAXMODELS]"
.PP
Number of hosts of this architecture. 
.PP
.SS "float \fBlsInfo::cpuFactor\fP[MAXMODELS]"
.PP
The cpu factor for different host model. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBlsInfo::numIndx\fP"
.PP
Number of load indices. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBlsInfo::numUsrIndx\fP"
.PP
Number of user defined load indices. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
resItem \- Resource Information.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBname\fP [MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBdes\fP [MAXRESDESLEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBvalueType\fP \fBvalueType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBorderType\fP \fBorderType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBflags\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBinterval\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Resource Information. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char \fBresItem::name\fP[MAXLSFNAMELEN]"
.PP
Resource name. 
.PP
.SS "char \fBresItem::des\fP[MAXRESDESLEN]"
.PP
Description of the resource. 
.PP
.SS "enum \fBvalueType\fP \fBresItem::valueType\fP"
.PP
Type of value. 
.PP
.SS "enum \fBorderType\fP \fBresItem::orderType\fP"
.PP
Type of resource order. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBresItem::flags\fP"
.PP
Resource attribute flags. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBresItem::interval\fP"
.PP
How often it is evaluated. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
defs_ls_info \- define statements used by \fBls_info\fP.  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESF_BUILTIN\fP   0x01"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESF_DYNAMIC\fP   0x02"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESF_GLOBAL\fP   0x04"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESF_SHARED\fP   0x08"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESF_LIC\fP   0x10"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESF_EXTERNAL\fP   0x20"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESF_RELEASE\fP   0x40"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESF_DEFINED_IN_RESOURCEMAP\fP   0x80"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESF_NON_CONSUMABLE\fP   0x100"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESF_REDEFINABLE\fP   0x200"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRESF_ESRES\fP   0x400"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBvalueType\fP { \fBLS_BOOLEAN\fP, \fBLS_NUMERIC\fP, \fBLS_STRING\fP, \fBLS_EXTERNAL\fP }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBorderType\fP { \fBINCR\fP, \fBDECR\fP, \fBNA\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
define statements used by \fBls_info\fP. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define RESF_BUILTIN   0x01"
.PP
Indicate whether this resource is builtin to LSF or configured by the LSF administrator (external). 
.PP

.SS "#define RESF_DYNAMIC   0x02"
.PP
Indicate whether the value of this resource can change dynamically or is static. 
.PP
Information about dynamic resources for a host can be retrieved through \fBls_load\fP. Information about static resources can be retrieved through \fBls_gethostinfo\fP. 
.SS "#define RESF_GLOBAL   0x04"
.PP
Indicate whether the resource name is defined for every host in the cluster. 
.PP
The value of the resource is specific to each host. This type of resource is also called a non-shared resource. 
.SS "#define RESF_SHARED   0x08"
.PP
Indicate whether the resource is a shared resource. 
.PP
A shared resource is a resource whose value is shared by more than one host, and the resource may be defined only on a subset of the hosts. 
.br
 The interval component applies to resources with dynamic values. It indicates how frequently (in seconds) the resource value is evaluated. 
.br
 The set of host types hostTypes in the \fBlsInfo\fP structure is a list of all defined host architectures in the cluster. All machines that can run the same binaries are generally considered to be of the same host type. 
.br
 The set of host models hostModels in \fBlsInfo\fP structure is a list of all defined computer models in the cluster. Generally, machines of the same host type that have exactly the same performance characteristics are considered to be the same model. 
.SS "#define RESF_LIC   0x10"
.PP
License static value. 
.PP

.SS "#define RESF_EXTERNAL   0x20"
.PP
External resource defined. 
.PP

.SS "#define RESF_RELEASE   0x40"
.PP
Resource can be released when job is suspended. 
.PP

.SS "#define RESF_DEFINED_IN_RESOURCEMAP   0x80"
.PP
Set if resource seen in. 
.PP
Resourcemap 
.SS "#define RESF_NON_CONSUMABLE   0x100"
.PP
Resource can be reserved with rusage. 
.PP
.SS "#define RESF_REDEFINABLE   0x200"
.PP
Builtin resource that can be redefined in the cluster file. 
.PP

.SS "#define RESF_ESRES   0x400"
.PP
Resources collected by External static lims. 
.PP
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBvalueType\fP"
.PP
resource's value type 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fILS_BOOLEAN \fP\fP
Bool value. 
.TP
\fB\fILS_NUMERIC \fP\fP
Numeric value. 
.TP
\fB\fILS_STRING \fP\fP
String value. 
.TP
\fB\fILS_EXTERNAL \fP\fP
External value. 
.SS "enum \fBorderType\fP"
.PP
the hosts ordered type based on the resource 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIINCR \fP\fP
From the lowest to the highest value of the resource. 
.TP
\fB\fIDECR \fP\fP
From the highest to the lowest value of the resource. 
.TP
\fB\fINA \fP\fP
The resource cannot be used to order hosts. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
