.TH "ls_listltask" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_listltask \- ls_listltask 
Returns the contents of the user's local task list.
.PP
LSLIB library routine for manipulating task lists stored by LSLIB. Task lists contain information about the eligibility of tasks for remote execution and their resource requirement characteristics. LSLIB maintains two task lists: local and remote. The local list contains tasks (i.e. UNIX processes) that must be executed on the local host (for example, ps, uptime, hostname). The remote list contains tasks that are suitable for remote execution (for example, compress), together with their resource requirements.
.PP
Task lists are generated and stored in memory by reading the system task file() and the .lsftask file in the user's home directory. The task lists can be updated and displayed using the command lsltasks(). See the LSF User's Guide for detailed information on the use of task lists and resource requirements.
.PP
\fBls_listltask\fP returns the contents of a user's local task list in tasklist. Memory for tasklist is allocated as needed and freed by the next call to \fBls_listltask\fP. If sortflag is non-zero, then the returned task list is sorted alphabetically. Each of the returned tasks is a char string consisting of a task name optionally followed by `/' and the associated resource requirement string. \fBls_listltask\fP return the number of items in the tasklist on success, -1 on error.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsf.h> 
.br
 int ls_listltask(char ***taskList, int sortflag)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI***taskList\fP The task list to be accessed. 
.br
\fIsortflag\fP sortflag
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:Number of Items in Task List 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task 
.br
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task.cluster_name 
.br
$HOME/.lsftask
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_eligible\fP 
.PP
\fBls_resreq\fP 
.PP
\fBls_listrtask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_insertrtask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_insertltask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_deletertask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_deleteltask\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
