.TH "ls_limcontrol" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_limcontrol \- ls_limcontrol 
Shuts down or reboots a host's LIM.
.PP
To remove a host from a cluster, use \fBls_limcontrol\fP to shut down the host's LIM. Next, to return a removed host to a cluster, use \fBls_limcontrol\fP to reboot its LIM. When you reboot the LIM, the configuration files are read again and the previous LIM status of the host is lost.
.PP
The use of \fBls_limcontrol\fP is restricted to root and the LSF administrator as defined in the file LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.cluster.cluster_name.
.PP
Any program using this API must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsf.h> 
.br
 int ls_limcontrol(char *hname, int opCode)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*hname\fP Specifies the host 
.br
\fIopCode\fP \fBdefs_ls_limcontrol\fP 
.br
 Specifies the shutdown or reboot LIM command.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBdefs_ls_limcontrol\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 The function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
lsadmin limstartup 
.br
lsadmin limshutdown 
.br
lsadmin limrestart 
.br
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf 
.br
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.shared 
.br
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.cluster.cluster_name
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_lockhost\fP 
.PP
\fBls_unlockhost\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
defs_ls_limcontrol \- define statements used by \fBls_limcontrol\fP.  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLIM_CMD_REBOOT\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLIM_CMD_SHUTDOWN\fP   2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLIM_CMD_REMOVEHOST\fP   3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLIM_CMD_ACTIVATE\fP   4"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLIM_CMD_DEACTIVATE\fP   5"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLIM_CMD_ELIM_ENV\fP   6"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
define statements used by \fBls_limcontrol\fP. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define LIM_CMD_REBOOT   1"
.PP
Command to reboot the LIM. 
.PP

.SS "#define LIM_CMD_SHUTDOWN   2"
.PP
Command to shutdown the LIM. 
.PP

.SS "#define LIM_CMD_REMOVEHOST   3"
.PP
Command to remove the host. 
.PP
.SS "#define LIM_CMD_ACTIVATE   4"
.PP
Command to active the host. 
.PP
.SS "#define LIM_CMD_DEACTIVATE   5"
.PP
Command to deactive the host. 
.PP
.SS "#define LIM_CMD_ELIM_ENV   6"
.PP
Command to set elim env. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
