.TH "ls_perror" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_perror \- ls_perror 
Prints LSF error messages.
.PP
\fBls_perror\fP is a LSLIB library routine for printing LSF error messages. The global variable lserrno, maintained by LSLIB, indicates the error number of the most recent LSLIB call that caused an error.
.PP
\fBls_perror\fP prints on the standard error output the char string usrMsg, if it is not a null pointer, followed by a colon and a space, then an error message that describes the error that corresponds to the value of lserrno, followed by a newline. If an LSLIB call failed due to a system error, then the system error message as indicated by errno is included in the error message.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsf.h>\fP
.PP
\fB void ls_perror(char *usrMsg)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*usrMsg\fP The standard output error string.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none 
.br
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
void 
.br
 There is no return value.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
Systems that conform to the Single UNIX specification are not required to detect error conditions for this function.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_sysmsg\fP 
.PP
\fBls_errlog\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
