.TH "ls_rsetenv" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_rsetenv \- ls_rsetenv 
Sets up environment variables on a remote host.
.PP
\fBls_rsetenv\fP sets up the environment variables given in envp on the specified remote host. envp is a pointer to an array of strings of the form variable=value. When the environment variables are set, all remote tasks on the remote host acquire the environment setting until another call to this routine overrides it. A default set of environment variables is set up for the remote host if this routine is never called (see \fBls_rtask\fP). This call is typically used to propagate changes in the local environment to the remote hosts to which the application has connections.
.PP
Any program using this routine must call \fBls_initrex\fP first.
.PP
Any program using this API must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
\fB #include <lsf/lsf.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int ls_rsetenv(char *host, char **envp) \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*host\fP The remote host upon which the environment is being set. 
.br
\fI**envp\fP A pointer to an array of strings of the form variable=value.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int: 0 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_rtask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_initrex\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
