.TH "ls_rfcontrol" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_rfcontrol \- ls_rfcontrol 
Controls the behavior of remote file operations.
.PP
This routine performs operations on files located on remote hosts.
.PP
.SH "ls_rfcontrol\fP controls the behavior of remote file operations. Possible commands are: \fBcommands_ls_rfcontrol"
.PP
Either the RES must be running at the remote host to service any remote file operation or rcp() must be available.
.PP
\fBls_initrex\fP must be called before calling any remote file operation.
.PP
This remote file operation makes use of a Remote File Server on the remote host. When this RFS shuts down, its status will be reported to its client. The client should ignore this status.
.PP
\fB #include <sys/types.h> 
.br
 #include <unistd.h> 
.br
 #include <sys/stat.h> 
.br
 #include <fcntl.h> 
.br
 #include <limits.h> 
.br
 #include <lsf/lsf.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int ls_rfcontrol(int command, int arg) \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIcommand\fP \fBcommands_ls_rfcontrol\fP 
.br
\fIarg\fP A pointer to the remote host name cast to int.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBcommands_ls_rfcontrol\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function was successful.
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_ropen\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rread\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rwrite\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rlseek\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rclose\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rstat\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rfstat\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rgetmnthost\fP 
.PP
\fBls_initrex\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
commands_ls_rfcontrol \- ls_rfcontrol() commands  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRF_CMD_MAXHOSTS\fP   0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRF_CMD_RXFLAGS\fP   2"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
ls_rfcontrol() commands 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define RF_CMD_MAXHOSTS   0"
.PP
Allows the caller to specify the number of connected hosts. 
.PP
When a remote file operation is being serviced at a host for the first time, a connection is made to the Remote Execution Server's (RES) file server process on the remote host. If the number of connections reaches RF_MAXHOSTS defined in lsf.h, the least recently used connection which does not have any files open on that host is broken. The RF_CMD_MAXHOSTS command allows you to change the maximum number of connections. The new maximum is specified in arg. 
.SS "#define RF_CMD_RXFLAGS   2"
.PP
Terminates the connection with the RES's file server process on host arg. 
.PP
arg is a pointer to the remote host name cast to int. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
