.TH "ls_rtask" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_rtask \- ls_rtask 
Starts a remote task on a specified host.
.PP
This routine is for executing remote tasks. It is modeled after the UNIX fork and execv system calls.
.PP
\fBls_rtask\fP starts a remote task on the specified host. This routine is basically a remote fork followed by an execv. The arguments are identical to those of \fBls_rexecv\fP. \fBls_rtask\fP is typically used by a parallel application to execute multiple remote tasks efficiently. When a remote task finishes, a SIGUSR1 signal is delivered back to the application, and its status can be collected by calling \fBls_rwait\fP or \fBls_rwaittid\fP. \fBls_rtask\fP returns a unique task ID to be used by the application to differentiate outstanding remote tasks. It returns -1 on failure.
.PP
Any program using this routine must call \fBls_initrex\fP first.
.PP
Any program using these routines must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
The remote file operations make use of a Remote File Server on the remote host. When this RFS shuts down, its status will be reported to its client. The client should ignore this status.
.PP
\fB #include <lsf/lsf.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int ls_rtask(char *host, char **argv, int options) \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*host\fP The remote host where the program is executed. 
.br
\fI**argv\fP The program being used. 
.br
\fIoptions\fP \fBoptions_rexec\fP
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBoptions_rexec\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:Unique TaskID 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
Systems that conform to the Single UNIX specification are not required to detect error conditions for this function.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_rexecv\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rexecve\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rtaske\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rfcontrol\fP 
.PP
\fBls_chdir\fP 
.PP
\fBls_conntaskport\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rsetenv\fP 
.PP
\fBls_initrex\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
options_rexec \- define statements used by \fBls_rexecv\fP.  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_USEPTY\fP   0x00000001"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_CLNTDIR\fP   0x00000002"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_TASKPORT\fP   0x00000004"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_SHMODE\fP   0x00000008"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_TASKINFO\fP   0x00000010"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_REQVCL\fP   0x00000020"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_SYNCNIOS\fP   0x00000040"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_TTYASYNC\fP   0x00000080"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_STDERR\fP   0x00000100"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
define statements used by \fBls_rexecv\fP. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define REXF_USEPTY   0x00000001"
.PP
Use a remote pseudo-terminal. 
.PP

.SS "#define REXF_CLNTDIR   0x00000002"
.PP
Use the local client's current working directory as the current working directory for remote execution (see \fBls_chdir\fP). 
.PP

.SS "#define REXF_TASKPORT   0x00000004"
.PP
Request the remote RES to create a task port and return its number to the LSLIB. 
.PP
The application program can later call \fBls_conntaskport\fP to connect to the port. 
.SS "#define REXF_SHMODE   0x00000008"
.PP
Enable shell mode support if the REXF_USEPTY flag is also given. 
.PP
This flag is ignored if REXF_USEPTY is not given. This flag should be specified for submitting interactive shells, or applications which redefine the ctrl-C and ctrl-Z keys (e.g., jove). 
.SS "#define REXF_TASKINFO   0x00000010"
.PP
Request remote to forward the task information. 
.PP
.SS "#define REXF_REQVCL   0x00000020"
.PP
Rex sets plugin option. 
.PP
.SS "#define REXF_SYNCNIOS   0x00000040"
.PP
NIOS synchronize IO. 
.PP
.SS "#define REXF_TTYASYNC   0x00000080"
.PP
Asyncronous rtty_. 
.PP
.SS "#define REXF_STDERR   0x00000100"
.PP
Enable STDERR support. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
