.TH "ls_ropen" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_ropen \- ls_ropen 
Opens a file on a remote host.
.PP
This routine performs operations on files located on remote hosts. This call corresponds to the UNIX open() system calls.
.PP
\fBls_ropen\fP opens the named file located on the remote host. A remote file descriptor, rfd, is returned on success. You can use this descriptor in subsequent remote file calls as an argument.
.PP
Either the RES must be running at the remote host to service any remote file operation or rcp() be available.
.PP
\fBls_initrex\fP must be called before calling any remote file operation.
.PP
This remote file operation makes use of a Remote File Server on the remote host. When this RFS shuts down, its status will be reported to its client. The client should ignore this status.
.PP
\fB #include <sys/types.h> 
.br
 #include <unistd.h> 
.br
 #include <sys/stat.h> 
.br
 #include <fcntl.h> 
.br
 #include <limits.h> 
.br
 #include <lsf/lsf.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int ls_ropen(char *host, char *path, int flags, int mode) \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*host\fP The host where the file to be opened is located. 
.br
\fI*path\fP The path name to the file to be opened. 
.br
\fIflags\fP Options for openning the file on the remote host. 
.br
\fImode\fP File access permission related options.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int: 0 
.br
 Response is the same from its UNIX counterpart.
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_rread\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rwrite\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rlseek\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rclose\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rstat\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rfstat\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rgetmnthost\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rfcontrol\fP 
.PP
\fBls_initrex\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
