.TH "ls_rescontrol" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_rescontrol \- ls_rescontrol 
Controls and maintains the Remote Execution Server.
.PP
This library routine is used by the LSF administrator or authorized users to control and maintain the Remote Execution Server (RES).
.PP
\fB #include <lsf/lsf.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int ls_rescontrol(char *host, int opCode, int data) \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*host\fP The host argument is used to specify the host name of the machine whose RES is to be operated upon.
.br
\fIopCode\fP The command is specified by the opCode argument and the data argument is used to supply an extra parameter for a particular opCode. The supported values are \fBcommands_rescontrol\fP.
.br
\fIdata\fP The data argument is optionally used with RES_CMD_LOGON to specify a CPU time threshold in msec, so that RES will log resource information only for tasks that consumed more than the specified CPU time.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBcommands_rescontrol\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 Function was successful.
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, then lserrno is set to indicate the error. In particular, \fBls_rescontrol\fP will set lserrno to LSE_BAD_OPCODE if the opCode is not from the list above.
.PP
.SH "LSLIB calls for remote execution services: " 
.PP
These routines allow programs to make use of LSF remote execution services. Such services include support for maintaining standard I/O transparency to and from remote machines, establishing, using, and terminating remote connections, transferring terminal and environment variable settings to remote processes, executing remote tasks and so on. 
.br

.br
 All rex routines require that the header <lsf/lsf.h> is included. 
.br

.br
 The following routines are supported: 
.br

.br
 \fBls_initrex\fP 
.br
 Initiate remote execution 
.br

.br
 \fBls_connect\fP 
.br
 Establish a remote connection 
.br

.br
 \fBls_isconnected\fP 
.br
 Check for an established connection 
.br

.br
 \fBls_findmyconnections\fP 
.br
 List hosts with open remote connections 
.br

.br
 \fBls_rexecv\fP 
.br
 Remote execv 
.br

.br
 \fBls_rexecve\fP 
.br
 Remote execve 
.br

.br
 \fBls_rtask\fP 
.br
 Start a remote task 
.br

.br
 \fBls_rtaske\fP 
.br
 Start a remote task with a new environment 
.br

.br
 \fBls_stdinmode\fP 
.br
 Assign stdin to local or remote tasks 
.br

.br
 \fBls_getstdin\fP 
.br
 List the remote task IDs that receive (or do not receive) standard input 
.br

.br
 \fBls_setstdin\fP 
.br
 Specify how stdin is assigned to remote tasks. 
.br

.br
 \fBls_rwait\fP 
.br
 Wait for a remote task to exit 
.br

.br
 \fBls_chdir\fP 
.br
 Change the remote current working directory 
.br

.br
 \fBls_rsetenv\fP 
.br
 Set environment on remote host 
.br

.br
 \fBls_rkill\fP 
.br
 Kill a remote task 
.br

.br
 \fBls_donerex\fP 
.br
 Restore terminal settings after remote execution 
.br

.br
 \fBls_fdbusy\fP 
.br
 Test if a specified file descriptor is in use or reserved by LSF 
.br

.br
 \fBls_stoprex\fP 
.br
 Stop the network I/O server 
.br

.br
 \fBls_conntaskport\fP 
.br
 Connect to the remote task port.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
none
.PP
.SH "LIMITATIONS:" 
.PP
Although the level of transparency for remote execution in LSF is high, minor parts of the UNIX execution environment are not propagated to remote hosts. One such example is the UNIX process group. 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
commands_rescontrol \- \fBls_rescontrol\fP commands.  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRES_CMD_REBOOT\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRES_CMD_SHUTDOWN\fP   2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRES_CMD_LOGON\fP   3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBRES_CMD_LOGOFF\fP   4"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBls_rescontrol\fP commands. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define RES_CMD_REBOOT   1"
.PP
Restart the RES. 
.PP
If the RES is in service, it will keep serving until all remote tasks exit, meanwhile starting another RES to serve new clients. 
.SS "#define RES_CMD_SHUTDOWN   2"
.PP
Shutdown the RES. 
.PP
The RES will not accept new tasks and will die after all current remote tasks exit. 
.SS "#define RES_CMD_LOGON   3"
.PP
Enable task logging, so that resource usage information can be logged to a file (see lsf.acct). 
.PP

.SS "#define RES_CMD_LOGOFF   4"
.PP
Disable task logging. 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
