.TH "ls_rexecv" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_rexecv \- ls_rexecv 
Executes a program on a specified remote host.
.PP
This routine is for executing remote tasks. It is modeled after the UNIX fork and execv system calls.
.PP
\fBls_rexecv\fP executes a program on the specified remote host. The program name is given in argv[0] and the arguments are listed in argv. This routine is basically a remote execv. If a connection with the Remote Execution Server(RES) on host has not been set up previously, \fBls_connect\fP is invoked to automatically establish the connection. The remote execution environment is set up to be exactly the same as the local one and is cached by the remote RES server.
.PP
The caller of this routine is typically a child process which terminates when the remote task is over. This routine does not return if successful. It returns -1 on failure.
.PP
Any program using this routine must call \fBls_initrex\fP first.
.PP
Any program using these routines must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
The remote file operations make use of a Remote File Server on the remote host. When this RFS shuts down, its status will be reported to its client. The client should ignore this status.
.PP
\fB #include <lsf/lsf.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int ls_rexecv(char *host, char **argv, int options) \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*host\fP The remote host where the program is executed. 
.br
\fI**argv\fP The program being used. 
.br
\fIoptions\fP \fBoptions_rexec\fP
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBoptions_rexec\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
None 
.br
 Function was successful.
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
Systems that conform to the Single UNIX specification are not required to detect error conditions for this function.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_rexecve\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rtask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rtaske\fP 
.PP
\fBls_rfcontrol\fP 
.PP
\fBls_chdir\fP 
.PP
\fBls_conntaskport\fP 
.PP
\fBls_initrex\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
options_rexec \- define statements used by \fBls_rexecv\fP.  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_USEPTY\fP   0x00000001"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_CLNTDIR\fP   0x00000002"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_TASKPORT\fP   0x00000004"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_SHMODE\fP   0x00000008"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_TASKINFO\fP   0x00000010"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_REQVCL\fP   0x00000020"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_SYNCNIOS\fP   0x00000040"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_TTYASYNC\fP   0x00000080"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREXF_STDERR\fP   0x00000100"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
define statements used by \fBls_rexecv\fP. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define REXF_USEPTY   0x00000001"
.PP
Use a remote pseudo-terminal. 
.PP

.SS "#define REXF_CLNTDIR   0x00000002"
.PP
Use the local client's current working directory as the current working directory for remote execution (see \fBls_chdir\fP). 
.PP

.SS "#define REXF_TASKPORT   0x00000004"
.PP
Request the remote RES to create a task port and return its number to the LSLIB. 
.PP
The application program can later call \fBls_conntaskport\fP to connect to the port. 
.SS "#define REXF_SHMODE   0x00000008"
.PP
Enable shell mode support if the REXF_USEPTY flag is also given. 
.PP
This flag is ignored if REXF_USEPTY is not given. This flag should be specified for submitting interactive shells, or applications which redefine the ctrl-C and ctrl-Z keys (e.g., jove). 
.SS "#define REXF_TASKINFO   0x00000010"
.PP
Request remote to forward the task information. 
.PP
.SS "#define REXF_REQVCL   0x00000020"
.PP
Rex sets plugin option. 
.PP
.SS "#define REXF_SYNCNIOS   0x00000040"
.PP
NIOS synchronize IO. 
.PP
.SS "#define REXF_TTYASYNC   0x00000080"
.PP
Asyncronous rtty_. 
.PP
.SS "#define REXF_STDERR   0x00000100"
.PP
Enable STDERR support. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
