.TH "ls_resreq" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_resreq \- ls_resreq 
Searches a remote task list for a task name and returns the resource requirements.
.PP
LSLIB library routine for manipulating task lists stored by LSLIB. Task lists contain information about the eligibility of tasks for remote execution and their resource requirement characteristics. LSLIB maintains two task lists: local and remote. The local list contains tasks (i.e. UNIX processes) that must be executed on the local host (for example, ps, uptime, hostname). The remote list contains tasks that are suitable for remote execution (for example, compress), together with their resource requirements.
.PP
Task lists are generated and stored in memory by reading the system task file() and the .lsftask file in the user's home directory. The task lists can be updated and displayed using the command lsrtasks(). See the LSF User's Guide for detailed information on the use of task lists and resource requirements.
.PP
\fBls_resreq\fP is a simplified version of \fBls_eligible\fP which searches the remote task list for taskname and returns the resource requirements associated with the task if found otherwise NULL is returned.
.PP
ls_resreq() returns a pointer to static data which can be overwritten by subsequent calls.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsf.h> 
.br
 char *ls_resreq(char *taskname)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*taskname\fP The name of the task being sought.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
char *:Requirements 
.br
 Returns the resource requirements associated with the taskname. 
.PP
NULL 
.br
 Unable to find the taskname on the remote task list.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task 
.br
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task.cluster_name 
.br
$HOME/.lsftask
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_eligible\fP 
.PP
\fBls_listrtask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_listltask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_insertrtask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_insertltask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_deletertask\fP 
.PP
\fBls_deleteltask\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
