.TH "ls_setstdin" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_setstdin \- ls_setstdin 
Allows an application program to query and specify how stdin is assigned to a specific subset of remote tasks.
.PP
\fBls_setstdin\fP gives an application program the ability to query and specify how stdin is assigned to remote tasks. It allows you to assign stdin to a specific subset of remote tasks. You can change this setting at any time.
.PP
\fBls_setstdin\fP turns on or off the delivery of standard input to specific remote tasks. Other remote tasks are not affected by this call.
.PP
By default, a remote task is set to receive standard input. Note that remote tasks only receive standard input if the current stdin mode is remote. Hence, if the application is running in local stdin mode (see the description of \fBls_stdinmode\fP), \fBls_setstdin\fP is not effective.
.PP
Upon success, \fBls_setstdin\fP returns zero. On failure, -1 is returned, and the error code is stored in lserrno.
.PP
Any program using this routine must call \fBls_initrex\fP first.
.PP
Any program using this API must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
\fB #include <lsf/lsf.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int ls_setstdin(int on, int *tidlist, int len) \fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIon\fP If on is non-zero and the current stdin mode is remote, then the tasks given by tidlist receive the standard input. If on is zero, the tasks will not receive standard input. 
.br
\fI*tidlist\fP tidlist gives the list of task IDs of the remote tasks to be operated upon. 
.br
\fIlen\fP The number of entries.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_stdinmode\fP 
.PP
\fBls_getstdin\fP 
.PP
\fBls_initrex\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
