.TH "ls_sharedresourceinfo" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ls_sharedresourceinfo \- ls_sharedresourceinfo 
Returns shared resource information in dynamic values.
.PP
\fBls_sharedresourceinfo\fP returns the requested shared resource information in dynamic values. The result of this call is a chained data structure as defined in <lsf/lsf.h>, which contains requested information.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsf.h> 
.br
 \fBlsSharedResourceInfo\fP *ls_sharedresourceinfo( 
.br
     char **resources, 
.br
     int *numResources, char *hostName, 
.br
     int options)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI**resources\fP resources is an array of NULL terminated strings storing requesting resource names. If set to NULL, the call returns all shared resources defined in the cluster. 
.br
\fI*numResources\fP numResources is an input/output parameter. On input it indicates how many resources are requested. Value 0 means requesting all shared resources. On return it contains qualified number of resources. 
.br
\fI*hostName\fP hostName is a string containing a host name. Only shared resource available on the specified host will be returned. If hostName is set to NULL, shared resource available on all hosts will be returned. 
.br
\fIoptions\fP options is reserved for future use. Currently, it should be set to 0.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBlsSharedResourceInfo\fP 
.br
\fBlsSharedResourceInstance\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBlsSharedResourceInfo\fP *:A list of \fBlsSharedResourceInfo\fP structure. 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
NULL 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.shared 
.br
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.cluster.cluster_name
.PP
.SH "See also:"
none 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsSharedResourceInfo \- \fBlsSharedResourceInfo\fP contains following fields  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBresourceName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnInstances\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLS_SHARED_RESOURCE_INST_T\fP * \fBinstances\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBlsSharedResourceInfo\fP contains following fields 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBlsSharedResourceInfo::resourceName\fP"
.PP
Resource name. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBlsSharedResourceInfo::nInstances\fP"
.PP
Number of instances. 
.PP
.SS "\fBLS_SHARED_RESOURCE_INST_T\fP* \fBlsSharedResourceInfo::instances\fP"
.PP
Pointer to the next instance. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsSharedResourceInstance \- \fBlsSharedResourceInstance\fP contains following fields  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBvalue\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnHosts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBhostList\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBlsSharedResourceInstance\fP contains following fields 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBlsSharedResourceInstance::value\fP"
.PP
Value associated with the resource. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBlsSharedResourceInstance::nHosts\fP"
.PP
Hosts associated with the resource. 
.PP
Only necessary for shared resources 
.SS "char** \fBlsSharedResourceInstance::hostList\fP"
.PP
Host list. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
