.TH "lsb_signaljob" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_signaljob \- lsb_signaljob 
Sends a signal to a job.
.PP
Use \fBlsb_signaljob\fP when migrating a job from one host to another. Use \fBlsb_signaljob\fP to stop or kill a job on a host before using \fBlsb_mig\fP to migrate the job. Next, use \fBlsb_signaljob\fP to continue the stopped job at the specified host.
.PP
Generally, use \fBlsb_signaljob\fP to apply any UNIX signal to a job or process.
.PP
Any program using this API must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_signaljob (LS_LONG_INT jobId, int sigValue)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIjobId\fP The job to be signaled. If a job in a job array is to be signaled, use the array form jobID[ i ] where jobID is the job array name, and i is the index value. 
.br
\fIsigValue\fP SIGSTOP, SIGCONT, SIGKILL or some other UNIX signal.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 The function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bkill 
.br
bstop 
.br
bresume
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_chkpntjob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_forcekilljob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_mig\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
