.TH "lsb_requeuejob" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_requeuejob \- lsb_requeuejob 
Requeues job arrays, jobs in job arrays, and individual jobs.
.PP
Use \fBlsb_requeuejob\fP to requeue job arrays, jobs in job arrays, and individual jobs that are running, pending, done, or exited. In a job array, you can requeue all the jobs or requeue individual jobs of the array.
.PP
\fBlsb_requeuejob\fP requeues jobs as if the jobs were in an array. A job not in an array is considered to be a job array composed of one job.
.PP
Jobs in a job array can be requeued independently of each other regardless of any job's status (running, pending, exited, done). A requeued job is requeued to the same queue it was originally submitted from or switched to. The job submission time does not change so a requeued job is placed at the top of the queue. Use \fBlsb_movejob\fP to place a job at the bottom or any other position in a queue.
.PP
If a clean period is reached before \fBlsb_requeuejob\fP is called, the cleaned jobs cannot be requeued. Set the variable CLEAN_PERIOD in your lsb.params file to determine the amount of time that job records are kept in MBD core memory after jobs have finished or terminated.
.PP
To requeue a job assign values to the data members of the \fBjobrequeue\fP data structure, process command line options in case the user has specified a different job, and call \fBlsb_requeuejob\fP to requeue the job array.
.PP
Assign values to the jobID, status, and options data members of the \fBjobrequeue\fP data structure. Assign the job identification number to jobID. Assign JOB_STAT_PEND or JOB_STAT_PSUSP to status. Assign REQUEUE_DONE, REQUEUE_EXIT, and or REQUEUE_RUN to requeue running jobs.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_requeuejob(struct jobrequeue * reqPtr)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*reqPtr\fP This structure contains the information required to requeue a job.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBjobrequeue\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBrequeuejob_options\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function is successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 The function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
On failure, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
brequeue -d 
.br
brequeue -e 
.br
brequeue -a 
.br
brequeue -r 
.br
brequeue -H
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.params 
.br
$LSB_SHAREDIR
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_movejob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_pendreason\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
jobrequeue \- requeued job  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
requeued job 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobrequeue::jobId\fP"
.PP
Specifies the jobid of a single job or an array of jobs. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBjobrequeue::status\fP"
.PP
Specifies the lsbatch status of the requeued job after it has been requeued. 
.PP
The job status can be JOB_STAT_PEND or JOB_STATE_PSUSP. The default status is JOB_STAT_PEND. 
.SS "int \fBjobrequeue::options\fP"
.PP
Specifies the array elements to be requeued. 
.PP
see \fBrequeuejob_options\fP 

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
requeuejob_options \- define statements used by \fBlsb_requeuejob\fP.  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREQUEUE_DONE\fP   0x1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREQUEUE_EXIT\fP   0x2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBREQUEUE_RUN\fP   0x4"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
define statements used by \fBlsb_requeuejob\fP. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define REQUEUE_DONE   0x1"
.PP
Requeues jobs that have finished running. 
.PP
Jobs that have exited are not re-run. Equivalent to brequeue -d command line option. 
.SS "#define REQUEUE_EXIT   0x2"
.PP
Requeues jobs that have exited. 
.PP
Finished jobs are not re-run. Equivalent to brequeue -e command line option. 
.SS "#define REQUEUE_RUN   0x4"
.PP
Requeues running jobs and puts them in PEND state. 
.PP
Equivalent to brequeue -r command line option. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
