.TH "lsb_chkpntjob" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_chkpntjob \- lsb_chkpntjob 
Checkpoints a job.
.PP
Checkpoints a job.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_chkpntjob(LS_LONG_INT jobId, time_t period, int options)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIjobId\fP The job to be checkpointed. 
.br
\fIperiod\fP The checkpoint period in seconds. The value 0 disables periodic checkpointing. 
.br
\fIoptions\fP The bitwise inclusive OR of some of the following: 
.br
 LSB_CHKPNT_KILL Checkpoint and kill the job as an atomic action. 
.br
 LSB_CHKPNT_FORCE Checkpoint the job even if non-checkpointable conditions exist.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBchkpnt_job_option\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 The function failed.
.PP
.SH "Note:"
Any program using this API must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
On failure, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bchkpnt
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
none 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
chkpnt_job_option \- checkpoint job options()  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_CHKPNT_KILL\fP   0x1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_CHKPNT_FORCE\fP   0x2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_CHKPNT_COPY\fP   0x3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_CHKPNT_MIG\fP   0x4"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_CHKPNT_STOP\fP   0x8"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
checkpoint job options() 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define LSB_CHKPNT_KILL   0x1"
.PP
Kill process if successfully chkpnted. 
.PP
.SS "#define LSB_CHKPNT_FORCE   0x2"
.PP
Force chkpnt even if non-chkpntable conditions exist. 
.PP

.SS "#define LSB_CHKPNT_COPY   0x3"
.PP
Copy all regular files in use by the checkpointed process to the checkpoint directory. 
.PP

.SS "#define LSB_CHKPNT_MIG   0x4"
.PP
Chkpnt for the purpose of migration. 
.PP
.SS "#define LSB_CHKPNT_STOP   0x8"
.PP
Stop process if successfully chkpnted. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
