.TH "lsb_openstream" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_openstream \- lsb_openstream 
Open and create an lsb_stream file.
.PP
\fBlsb_openstream\fP opens the streamFile .
.PP
This API function is inside liblsbstream.so.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_openstream(const struct lsbStream *params)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*params\fP Parameters.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBlsbStream\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 or NULL 
.br
 The function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line command:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.params
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_closestream\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_readstreamline\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_writestream\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_readstream\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_streamversion\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsbStream \- Stream interface.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBstreamFile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmaxStreamSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmaxStreamFileNum\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtrace\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int(* \fBtrs\fP )(const char *)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Stream interface. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBlsbStream::streamFile\fP"
.PP
Pointer to full path to the stream file. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBlsbStream::maxStreamSize\fP"
.PP
Max size of the stream file. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBlsbStream::maxStreamFileNum\fP"
.PP
Max number of backup stream files. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBlsbStream::trace\fP"
.PP
Set to 1 to enable trace of the stream. 
.PP
.SS "int(* \fBlsbStream::trs\fP)(const char *)"
.PP
Pointer to a function that the library invokes, passing a trace buffer. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
