.TH "lsb_limitInfo" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_limitInfo \- lsb_limitInfo 
gets resource allocation limit configuration and dynamic usage information.
.PP
Displays current usage of resource allocation limits configured in Limit sections in lsb.resources: 
.PD 0

.IP "\(bu" 2
Configured limit policy name 
.IP "\(bu" 2
Users 
.IP "\(bu" 2
Queues 
.IP "\(bu" 2
Hosts 
.IP "\(bu" 2
Project names
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_limitInfo( limitInfoReq *req, limitInfoEnt **limitItemRef, int *size, struct lsInfo* \fBlsInfo\fP)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*req\fP input, the user request for limit information 
.br
\fI**limitItemRef\fP output, the limit information array 
.br
\fI*size\fP output, the size of the limit information array 
.br
\fI*lsInfo\fP Please refer to the \fBlsInfo\fP structure.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fB_limitInfoReq\fP 
.br
\fB_limitConsumer\fP 
.br
\fB_limitInfoEnt\fP 
.br
\fB_limitItem\fP 
.br
\fB_limitResource\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fB_consumertype\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:socket number 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
On failure, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line command:" 
.PP
blimits
.PP
\fBFiles\fP 
.PP
$LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.queues 
.br
 $LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.users 
.br
 $LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.hosts 
.br
 $LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.resources
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_freeLimitInfoEnt\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_limitInfoReq \- limit information request  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBconsumerC\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimitConsumer\fP * \fBconsumerV\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
limit information request 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fB_limitInfoReq::name\fP"
.PP
Limit policy name given by the user. 
.PP

.SS "int \fB_limitInfoReq::consumerC\fP"
.PP
Number of consumers. 
.PP
.SS "\fBlimitConsumer\fP* \fB_limitInfoReq::consumerV\fP"
.PP
Consumer name, queue/host/user/project. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_limitConsumer \- limit consumer  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconsumerType\fP \fBtype\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
limit consumer 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBconsumerType\fP \fB_limitConsumer::type\fP"
.PP
Consumer type ( _consumertype ):
.IP "\(bu" 2
Queues per-queue
.IP "\(bu" 2
Users and per-user
.IP "\(bu" 2
Hosts and per-host
.IP "\(bu" 2
Projects and per-project. 
.PP

.PP
.SS "char* \fB_limitConsumer::name\fP"
.PP
Consumer name. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_limitInfoEnt \- limit information entry .  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimitItem\fP \fBconfInfo\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBusageC\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimitItem\fP * \fBusageInfo\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
limit information entry . 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fB_limitInfoEnt::name\fP"
.PP
Limit policy name given by the user. 
.PP
.SS "\fBlimitItem\fP \fB_limitInfoEnt::confInfo\fP"
.PP
Limit configuration. 
.PP
.SS "int \fB_limitInfoEnt::usageC\fP"
.PP
Size of limit dynamic usage info array. 
.PP
.SS "\fBlimitItem\fP* \fB_limitInfoEnt::usageInfo\fP"
.PP
Limit dynamic usage info array. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_limitItem \- limit item.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBconsumerC\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimitConsumer\fP * \fBconsumerV\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBresourceC\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlimitResource\fP * \fBresourceV\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
limit item. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fB_limitItem::consumerC\fP"
.PP
Number of consumers. 
.PP
.SS "\fBlimitConsumer\fP* \fB_limitItem::consumerV\fP"
.PP
Consumers, such as queue, host, user or project. 
.PP
.SS "int \fB_limitItem::resourceC\fP"
.PP
Number of resources. 
.PP
.SS "\fBlimitResource\fP* \fB_limitItem::resourceV\fP"
.PP
Resources list. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_limitResource \- limit resource.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtype\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBval\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
limit resource. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fB_limitResource::name\fP"
.PP
Resource name. 
.PP
.SS "int \fB_limitResource::type\fP"
.PP
Resource type. 
.PP
.SS "float \fB_limitResource::val\fP"
.PP
Resource val. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_consumertype \- consumer types  

.PP
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef enum \fB_consumertype\fP \fBconsumerType\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fB_consumertype\fP { \fBLIMIT_QUEUES\fP =  1, \fBLIMIT_PER_QUEUE\fP =  2, \fBLIMIT_USERS\fP =  3, \fBLIMIT_PER_USER\fP =  4, \fBLIMIT_HOSTS\fP =  5, \fBLIMIT_PER_HOST\fP =  6, \fBLIMIT_PROJECTS\fP =  7, \fBLIMIT_PER_PROJECT\fP =  8 }"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
consumer types 
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef enum \fB_consumertype\fP  \fBconsumerType\fP"
.PP
Type definitions. 
.PP
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fB_consumertype\fP"
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_QUEUES \fP\fP
Queues. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PER_QUEUE \fP\fP
Per-queue. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_USERS \fP\fP
Users. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PER_USER \fP\fP
Per-users. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_HOSTS \fP\fP
Hosts. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PER_HOST \fP\fP
Per-host. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PROJECTS \fP\fP
Projects. 
.TP
\fB\fILIMIT_PER_PROJECT \fP\fP
Per-project. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
