.TH "lsb_readjobmsg" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_readjobmsg \- lsb_readjobmsg 
Reads messages and data posted to a job.
.PP
Use \fBlsb_readjobmsg\fP to open a TCP connection, receive attached messages and data from the mbatchd, and display the messages posted by \fBlsb_postjobmsg\fP.
.PP
By default, \fBlsb_readjobmsg\fP displays the message 'no description' or the message at index position 0 of the specified job. To read other messages, choose another index position. The index is populated by \fBlsb_postjobmsg\fP.
.PP
If a data file is attached to a message and the flag EXT_ATTA_READ is set, \fBlsb_readjobmsg\fP gets the message and copies its data file to the default directory JOB_ATTA_DIR, overwriting the specified file if it already exists. If there is no file attached, the system reports an error.
.PP
Users can only read messages and data from their own jobs. Root and LSF administrators can also read messages of jobs submtted by other users, but they cannot read data files attached to jobs owned by other users.
.PP
You can read messages and data from a job until it is cleaned from the system. You cannot read messages and data from done or exited jobs.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h> 
.br
 #include <time.h> 
.br
 int lsb_readjobmsg(struct \fBjobExternalMsgReq\fP *jobExternalMsg, struct \fBjobExternalMsgReply\fP *jobExternalMsgReply)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*jobExternalMsg\fP the information required to define an external message of a job. 
.br
\fI*jobExternalMsgReply\fP the information required to define an external message reply.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBjobExternalMsgReq\fP 
.br
\fBjobExternalMsgReply\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBexternal_msg_processing\fP 
.br
\fBext_data_status\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:value 
.br
 The successful function returns a socket number. 
.PP
int:0 
.br
 The EXT_ATTA_READ bit of options is not set or there is no attached data. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 The function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lserrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bread
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.params 
.br
$JOB_ATTA_DIR 
.br
$LSB_SHAREDIR/info/
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_postjobmsg\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
jobExternalMsgReq \- structure \fBjobExternalMsgReq\fP contains the information required to define an external message of a job.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBjobName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmsgIdx\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBdesc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBuserId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBdataSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBpostTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBuserName\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
structure \fBjobExternalMsgReq\fP contains the information required to define an external message of a job. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBjobExternalMsgReq::options\fP"
.PP
Specifies if the message has an attachment to be read. 
.PP
<lsf/lsbatch.h> defines the following flags constructed from bits. These flags correspond to options. 
.br
 EXT_MSG_READ 
.br
 Read the external job message. There is no attached data file. 
.br
 EXT_ATTA_READ 
.br
 Read the external job message and data file posted to the job. 
.br
 If there is no data file attached, the error message 'The attached data of the message is not available' is displayed, and the external job message is displayed. 
.SS "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobExternalMsgReq::jobId\fP"
.PP
The system generated job Id of the job. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBjobExternalMsgReq::jobName\fP"
.PP
The name of the job if jobId is undefined (<=0). 
.PP
.SS "int \fBjobExternalMsgReq::msgIdx\fP"
.PP
The message index. 
.PP
A job can have more than one message. Use msgIdx in an array to index messages. 
.SS "char* \fBjobExternalMsgReq::desc\fP"
.PP
Text description of the msg. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBjobExternalMsgReq::userId\fP"
.PP
The userId of the author of the message. 
.PP

.SS "long \fBjobExternalMsgReq::dataSize\fP"
.PP
The size of the data file. 
.PP
If no data file is attached, the size is 0. 
.SS "time_t \fBjobExternalMsgReq::postTime\fP"
.PP
The time the author posted the message. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBjobExternalMsgReq::userName\fP"
.PP
The author of the message. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
jobExternalMsgReply \- structure \fBjobExternalMsgReply\fP contains the information required to define an external message reply.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmsgIdx\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBdesc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBuserId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBdataSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "time_t \fBpostTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdataStatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBuserName\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
structure \fBjobExternalMsgReply\fP contains the information required to define an external message reply. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobExternalMsgReply::jobId\fP"
.PP
The system generated job Id of the job associated with the message. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBjobExternalMsgReply::msgIdx\fP"
.PP
The message index. 
.PP
A job can have more than one message. Use msgIdx in an array to index messages. 
.SS "char* \fBjobExternalMsgReply::desc\fP"
.PP
The message you want to read. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBjobExternalMsgReply::userId\fP"
.PP
The user Id of the author of the message. 
.PP

.SS "long \fBjobExternalMsgReply::dataSize\fP"
.PP
The size of the data file attached. 
.PP
If no data file is attached, the size is 0. 
.SS "time_t \fBjobExternalMsgReply::postTime\fP"
.PP
The time the message was posted. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBjobExternalMsgReply::dataStatus\fP"
.PP
The status of the attached data file. 
.PP
The status of the data file can be one of the following: 
.br
 EXT_DATA_UNKNOWN 
.br
 Transferring the message's data file. 
.br
 EXT_DATA_NOEXIST 
.br
 The message does not have an attached data file. 
.br
 EXT_DATA_AVAIL 
.br
 The message's data file is available. 
.br
 EXT_DATA_UNAVAIL 
.br
 The message's data file is corrupt. 
.SS "char* \fBjobExternalMsgReply::userName\fP"
.PP
The author of the msg. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
external_msg_processing \- options for \fBlsb_readjobmsg\fP call  

.PP
.SS "Modules"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBexternal_msg_post\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXT_MSG_READ\fP   0x04"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXT_ATTA_READ\fP   0x08"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXT_MSG_REPLAY\fP   0x10"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXT_MSG_POST_NOEVENT\fP   0x20"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
options for \fBlsb_readjobmsg\fP call 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define EXT_MSG_READ   0x04"
.PP
Read the external job message. 
.PP
There is no attached data file. 
.SS "#define EXT_ATTA_READ   0x08"
.PP
Read the external job message and data file posted to the job.If there is no data file attached, the error message 'The attached data of the message is not available' is displayed, and the external job message is displayed. 
.PP

.SS "#define EXT_MSG_REPLAY   0x10"
.PP
Replay the external message. 
.PP
.SS "#define EXT_MSG_POST_NOEVENT   0x20"
.PP
Post the external job noevent message. 
.PP
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ext_data_status \- 
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXT_DATA_UNKNOWN\fP   0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXT_DATA_NOEXIST\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXT_DATA_AVAIL\fP   2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBEXT_DATA_UNAVAIL\fP   3"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define EXT_DATA_UNKNOWN   0"
.PP
Transferring the message's data file. 
.PP

.SS "#define EXT_DATA_NOEXIST   1"
.PP
The message does not have an attached data file. 
.PP

.SS "#define EXT_DATA_AVAIL   2"
.PP
The message's data file is available. 
.PP

.SS "#define EXT_DATA_UNAVAIL   3"
.PP
The message's data file is corrupt. 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
