.TH "lsb_queuecontrol" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_queuecontrol \- lsb_queuecontrol 
Changes the status of a queue.
.PP
\fBlsb_queuecontrol\fP changes the status of a queue.
.PP
Any program using this API must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
If a queue is inactivated by its dispatch window (see lsb.queues), then it cannot be re-activated by this call.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_queuecontrol (struct \fBqueueCtrlReq\fP *req)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*req\fP queue control request.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBqueueCtrlReq\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBqueue_ctrl_option\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_queueinfo\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
queueCtrlReq \- The structure of \fBqueueCtrlReq\fP.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBqueue\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBopCode\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBmessage\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The structure of \fBqueueCtrlReq\fP. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBqueueCtrlReq::queue\fP"
.PP
The name of the queue to be controlled. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBqueueCtrlReq::opCode\fP"
.PP
Operations to be applied, for example, QUEUE_OPEN. 
.PP
You can refer to \fBqueue_ctrl_option\fP for more options. 
.SS "char* \fBqueueCtrlReq::message\fP"
.PP
The message attached by the admin. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
queue_ctrl_option \- options for \fBlsb_queuecontrol\fP call  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBQUEUE_OPEN\fP   1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBQUEUE_CLOSED\fP   2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBQUEUE_ACTIVATE\fP   3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBQUEUE_INACTIVATE\fP   4"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBQUEUE_CLEAN\fP   5"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
options for \fBlsb_queuecontrol\fP call 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define QUEUE_OPEN   1"
.PP
Open the queue to accept jobs. 
.PP

.SS "#define QUEUE_CLOSED   2"
.PP
Close the queue so it will not accept jobs. 
.PP

.SS "#define QUEUE_ACTIVATE   3"
.PP
Activate the queue to dispatch jobs. 
.PP

.SS "#define QUEUE_INACTIVATE   4"
.PP
Inactivate the queue so it will not dispatch jobs. 
.PP

.SS "#define QUEUE_CLEAN   5"
.PP
Clean the queue. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
