.TH "lsb_resize_release" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_resize_release \- lsb_resize_release 
Releases part of the allocation of a running resizable job.
.PP
Use \fBlsb_resize_release\fP to release part of a running job allocation. A running job can only have one pending request at any particular time. If one request is still pending, additional requests are rejected with a proper error code.
.PP
If a notification command is defined through job submission, application profile,or the \fBlsb_resize_release\fP API, the notification command is invoked on the first execution host of the job allocation once allocation resize requests have been satisfied.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_resize_release(struct job_resize_release *req);\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*req\fP job resize release request.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBjob_resize_release\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBresizablejob_related\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 On success, returns zero. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 On failure, returns -1.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
release [-c] [-rnc resize_notification_cmd | -rncn] released_host_specification job_ID
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_resize_cancel\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
job_resize_release \- job resize release.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnHosts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBhosts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int * \fBslots\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBnotifyCmd\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
job resize release. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "LS_LONG_INT \fBjob_resize_release::jobId\fP"
.PP
LSF job ID. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBjob_resize_release::options\fP"
.PP
Options is constructed from the bitwise inclusive OR of zero or more of the flags, as defined in \fBresizablejob_related\fP . 
.PP

.SS "int \fBjob_resize_release::nHosts\fP"
.PP
Number of hosts in the hosts list, if no hosts are to be specified this should be zero. 
.PP
.SS "char** \fBjob_resize_release::hosts\fP"
.PP
Specified hosts list, nHosts number of elements. 
.PP
.SS "int* \fBjob_resize_release::slots\fP"
.PP
Slots list, each element specifies the number of slots per corresponding host (0 implies all), nHosts number of elements. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBjob_resize_release::notifyCmd\fP"
.PP
Name and location of notification command. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
resizablejob_related \- Resizable job related definitions.  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_RESIZE_REL_NONE\fP   0x0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_RESIZE_REL_ALL\fP   0x01"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_RESIZE_REL_CANCEL\fP   0x02"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBLSB_RESIZE_REL_NO_NOTIFY\fP   0x04"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Resizable job related definitions. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define LSB_RESIZE_REL_NONE   0x0"
.PP
Means release no slots. 
.PP
.SS "#define LSB_RESIZE_REL_ALL   0x01"
.PP
Means release all slots-In this case, nHosts, hosts and slots indicate the slots that are not released. 
.PP
.SS "#define LSB_RESIZE_REL_CANCEL   0x02"
.PP
Means cancel any pending resize request. 
.PP
.SS "#define LSB_RESIZE_REL_NO_NOTIFY   0x04"
.PP
Means execute no resize notification command. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
