.TH "lsb_sharedresourceinfo" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_sharedresourceinfo \- lsb_sharedresourceinfo 
Returns the requested shared resource information in dynamic values.
.PP
\fBlsb_sharedresourceinfo\fP returns the requested shared resource information in dynamic values. The result of this call is a chained data structure as defined in <lsf/lsbatch.h>, which contains requested information.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB LSB_SHARED_RESOURCE_INFO_T *lsb_sharedresourceinfo( char **resources, int *numResources, char *hostName, int options)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI**resources\fP resources is an NULL terminated string array storing requesting resource names.Setting resources to point to NULL returns all shared resources. 
.br
\fI*numResources\fP numResources is an input/output parameter. On input it indicates how many resources are requested. Value 0 means requesting all shared resources. On return it contains qualified resource number. 
.br
\fI*hostName\fP hostName is a string containing a host name. Only shared resource available on the specified host will be returned. If hostName is a NULL, shared resource available on all hosts will be returned. 
.br
\fIoptions\fP options is reserved for future use. Currently, it should be set to 0.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBlsbSharedResourceInfo\fP 
.br
\fBlsbSharedResourceInstance\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBlsbSharedResourceInfo\fP *:
.br
 A pointer to an LSB_SHARED_RESOURCE_INFO_T structure, which contains complete shared resource information. 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
NULL 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.shared 
.br
$LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.cluster.cluster_name
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBls_sharedresourceinfo\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsbSharedResourceInfo \- lsb shared resource information.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBresourceName\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnInstances\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLSB_SHARED_RESOURCE_INST_T\fP * \fBinstances\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
lsb shared resource information. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBlsbSharedResourceInfo::resourceName\fP"
.PP
Resource name. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBlsbSharedResourceInfo::nInstances\fP"
.PP
Number of instances. 
.PP
.SS "\fBLSB_SHARED_RESOURCE_INST_T\fP* \fBlsbSharedResourceInfo::instances\fP"
.PP
List of instances. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsbSharedResourceInstance \- lsb shared resource Instance.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBtotalValue\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBrsvValue\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnHosts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBhostList\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
lsb shared resource Instance. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBlsbSharedResourceInstance::totalValue\fP"
.PP
Value used by mbatchd. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBlsbSharedResourceInstance::rsvValue\fP"
.PP
Reserved value. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBlsbSharedResourceInstance::nHosts\fP"
.PP
Number of Hosts associated with the resource. 
.PP

.SS "char** \fBlsbSharedResourceInstance::hostList\fP"
.PP
Hosts list. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
