.TH "lsb_switchjob" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_switchjob \- lsb_switchjob 
Switches an unfinished job to another queue.
.PP
\fBlsb_switchjob\fP switches an unfinished job to another queue. Effectively, the job is removed from its current queue and re-queued in the new queue.
.PP
The switch operation can be performed only when the job is acceptable to the new queue. If the switch operation is unsuccessful, the job will stay where it is.A user can only switch his/her own unfinished jobs, but root and the LSF administrator can switch any unfinished job.
.PP
Any program using this API must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_switchjob (LS_LONG_INT jobId, char *queue)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIjobId\fP The job to be switched. If an element of a job array is to be switched, use the array form jobID[i] where jobID is the job array name, and i is the index value. 
.br
\fI*queue\fP The new queue for the job.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bswitch
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
none 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
