.TH "lsb_mig" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_mig \- lsb_mig 
Migrates a job from one host to another.
.PP
\fBlsb_mig\fP migrates a job from one host to another. Any program using this API must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_mig(struct submig *mig, int *badHostIdx)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*mig\fP The job to be migrated. 
.br
\fI*badHostIdx\fP If the call fails, (**askedHosts)[*badHostIdx] is not a host known to the LSF system.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBsubmig\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lsberrno is set to indicate the error and badHostIdx indicates which askedHost is not acceptable.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line command:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_submit\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
submig \- \fBsubmit\fP migration request.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumAskedHosts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBaskedHosts\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBsubmit\fP migration request. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "LS_LONG_INT \fBsubmig::jobId\fP"
.PP
The job ID of the job to be migrated. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBsubmig::options\fP"
.PP
Please refer to \fBlsb_submit_options\fP. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBsubmig::numAskedHosts\fP"
.PP
The number of hosts supplied as candidates for migration. 
.PP

.SS "char** \fBsubmig::askedHosts\fP"
.PP
An array of pointers to the names of candidate hosts for migration. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
