.TH "lsb_suspreason" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_suspreason \- lsb_suspreason 
Explains why a job was suspended.
.PP
Using the SBD, \fBlsb_suspreason\fP explains why system-suspended and user-suspended jobs were suspended.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB char *lsb_suspreason(int reasons, int subreasons, struct \fBloadIndexLog\fP *ld)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIreasons\fP Reasons a job suspends. 
.br
\fIsubreasons\fP If reasons is SUSP_LOAD_REASON, subreasons indicates the load indices that are out of bounds. The integer values for the load indices are found in lsf.h.If reasons is SUSP_RES_LIMIT, subreasons indicates the job's requirements for resource reservation are not satisfied. The integer values for the job's requirements for resource reservation are found in lsbatch.h. 
.br
 Subreasons a job suspends if reasons is SUSP_LOAD_REASON:
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBR15S\fP 
.br
 15 second CPU run queue length
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBR1M\fP 
.br
 1 minute CPU run queue length
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBR15M\fP 
.br
 15 minute CPU run queue length
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBUT\fP 
.br
 1 minute CPU utilization
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBPG\fP 
.br
 Paging rate
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBIO\fP 
.br
 Disk IO rate
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBLS\fP 
.br
 Number of log in sessions
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBIT\fP 
.br
 Idle time
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBTMP\fP 
.br
 Available temporary space
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBSWP\fP 
.br
 Available swap space
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBMEM\fP 
.br
 Available memory
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBUSR1\fP 
.br
 USR1 is used to describe unavailable or out of bounds user defined load information of an external dynamic load indice on execution hosts.
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBUSR2\fP 
.br
 USR2 is used to describe unavailable or out of bounds user defined load information of an external dynamic load indice on execution hosts.
.PP
.br
\fI*ld\fP When reasons is SUSP_LOAD_REASON, ld is used to determine the name of any external load indices. ld uses the most recent load index log in the lsb.events file.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBloadIndexLog\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBsuspending_reasons\fP 
.br
\fBsuspending_subreasons\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
char *:Returns the suspending reason string. 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
NULL 
.br
 The function failed. The reason code is bad.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
No error handling
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
bjobs -s
.PP
.SH "Environment Variable:" 
.PP
LSB_SUSP_REASONS
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.queues 
.br
$LSB_SHAREDIR/cluster_name/logdir/lsb.events
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_pendreason\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
loadIndexLog \- load index log.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnIdx\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBname\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
load index log. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBloadIndexLog::nIdx\fP"
.PP
The number of load indices. 
.PP
.SS "char** \fBloadIndexLog::name\fP"
.PP
The array of load index names. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
suspending_reasons \- suspending_reasons is part of pending_reasons  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_USER_REASON\fP   0x00000000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_USER_RESUME\fP   0x00000001"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_USER_STOP\fP   0x00000002"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_QUEUE_REASON\fP   0x00000004"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_QUEUE_WINDOW\fP   0x00000008"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_RESCHED_PREEMPT\fP   0x00000010"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_HOST_LOCK\fP   0x00000020"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_LOAD_REASON\fP   0x00000040"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_MBD_PREEMPT\fP   0x00000080"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_SBD_PREEMPT\fP   0x00000100"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_QUE_STOP_COND\fP   0x00000200"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_QUE_RESUME_COND\fP   0x00000400"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_PG_IT\fP   0x00000800"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_REASON_RESET\fP   0x00001000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_LOAD_UNAVAIL\fP   0x00002000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_ADMIN_STOP\fP   0x00004000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_RES_RESERVE\fP   0x00008000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_MBD_LOCK\fP   0x00010000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_RES_LIMIT\fP   0x00020000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_SBD_STARTUP\fP   0x00040000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_HOST_LOCK_MASTER\fP   0x00080000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_HOST_RSVACTIVE\fP   0x00100000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_DETAILED_SUBREASON\fP   0x00200000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_GLB_LICENSE_PREEMPT\fP   0x00400000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_CRAYX1_POSTED\fP   0x00800000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUSP_ADVRSV_EXPIRED\fP   0x01000000"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
suspending_reasons is part of pending_reasons 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define SUSP_USER_REASON   0x00000000"
.PP
Virtual code. 
.PP
Not a reason 
.SS "#define SUSP_USER_RESUME   0x00000001"
.PP
The job is waiting to be re-scheduled after being resumed by the user. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_USER_STOP   0x00000002"
.PP
The user suspended the job. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_QUEUE_REASON   0x00000004"
.PP
Virtual code. 
.PP
Not a reason 
.SS "#define SUSP_QUEUE_WINDOW   0x00000008"
.PP
The run window of the queue is closed. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_RESCHED_PREEMPT   0x00000010"
.PP
Suspended after preemption. 
.PP
The system needs to re-allocate CPU utilization by job priority. 
.SS "#define SUSP_HOST_LOCK   0x00000020"
.PP
The LSF administrator has locked the execution host. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_LOAD_REASON   0x00000040"
.PP
A load index exceeds its threshold. 
.PP
The subreasons field indicates which indices. 
.SS "#define SUSP_MBD_PREEMPT   0x00000080"
.PP
The job was preempted by mbatchd because of a higher priorty job. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_SBD_PREEMPT   0x00000100"
.PP
Preempted by sbatchd. 
.PP
The job limit of the host/user has been reached. 
.SS "#define SUSP_QUE_STOP_COND   0x00000200"
.PP
The suspend conditions of the queue, as specified by the STOP_COND parameter in lsb.queues, are true. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_QUE_RESUME_COND   0x00000400"
.PP
The resume conditions of the queue, as specified by the RESUME_COND parameter in lsb.queues, are false. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_PG_IT   0x00000800"
.PP
The job was suspended due to the paging rate and the host is not idle yet. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_REASON_RESET   0x00001000"
.PP
Resets the previous reason. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_LOAD_UNAVAIL   0x00002000"
.PP
Load information on the execution hosts is unavailable. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_ADMIN_STOP   0x00004000"
.PP
The job was suspened by root or the LSF administrator. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_RES_RESERVE   0x00008000"
.PP
The job is terminated due to resource limit. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_MBD_LOCK   0x00010000"
.PP
The job is locked by the mbatchd. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_RES_LIMIT   0x00020000"
.PP
The job's requirements for resource reservation are not satisfied. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_SBD_STARTUP   0x00040000"
.PP
The job is suspended while the sbatchd is restarting. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_HOST_LOCK_MASTER   0x00080000"
.PP
The execution host is locked by the master LIM. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUSP_HOST_RSVACTIVE   0x00100000"
.PP
An advance reservation using the host is active. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUSP_DETAILED_SUBREASON   0x00200000"
.PP
There is a detailed reason in the subreason field. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUSP_GLB_LICENSE_PREEMPT   0x00400000"
.PP
The job is preempted by glb. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUSP_CRAYX1_POSTED   0x00800000"
.PP
Job not placed by Cray X1 psched. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUSP_ADVRSV_EXPIRED   0x01000000"
.PP
Job suspended when its advance reservation expired. 
.PP
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
suspending_subreasons \- suspending_subreasons has the following options:  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_RUNLIMIT\fP   0x00000001"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_DEADLINE\fP   0x00000002"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_PROCESSLIMIT\fP   0x00000004"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CPULIMIT\fP   0x00000008"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_MEMLIMIT\fP   0x00000010"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_THREADLIMIT\fP   0x00000020"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_SWAPLIMIT\fP   0x00000040"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_ACCOUNTID\fP   0x00000001"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_ATTRIBUTE\fP   0x00000002"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_BLOCKED\fP   0x00000004"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_RESTART\fP   0x00000008"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_DEPTH\fP   0x00000010"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_GID\fP   0x00000020"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_GASID\fP   0x00000040"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_HARDLABEL\fP   0x00000080"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_LIMIT\fP   0x00000100"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_MEMORY\fP   0x00000200"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_SOFTLABEL\fP   0x00000400"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_SIZE\fP   0x00000800"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_TIME\fP   0x00001000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_UID\fP   0x00002000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSUB_REASON_CRAYX1_WIDTH\fP   0x00004000"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
suspending_subreasons has the following options: 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_RUNLIMIT   0x00000001"
.PP
Sub reason of SUSP_RES_LIMIT: RUNLIMIT is reached. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUB_REASON_DEADLINE   0x00000002"
.PP
Sub reason of SUSP_RES_LIMIT: DEADLINE is reached. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUB_REASON_PROCESSLIMIT   0x00000004"
.PP
Sub reason of SUSP_RES_LIMIT: PROCESSLIMIT is reached. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CPULIMIT   0x00000008"
.PP
Sub reason of SUSP_RES_LIMIT: CPULIMIT is reached. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUB_REASON_MEMLIMIT   0x00000010"
.PP
Sub reason of SUSP_RES_LIMIT: MEMLIMIT is reached. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUB_REASON_THREADLIMIT   0x00000020"
.PP
Sub reason of SUSP_RES_LIMIT: THREADLIMIT is reached. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUB_REASON_SWAPLIMIT   0x00000040"
.PP
Sub reason of SUSP_RES_LIMIT: SWAPLIMIT is reached. 
.PP

.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_ACCOUNTID   0x00000001"
.PP
Account ID does not match those allowed by the gate. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_ATTRIBUTE   0x00000002"
.PP
Attribute does not match those allowed by the gate. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_BLOCKED   0x00000004"
.PP
Blocked by one or more gates. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_RESTART   0x00000008"
.PP
Application is in the process of being restarted and it is under the control of CPR. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_DEPTH   0x00000010"
.PP
Depth does not match those allowed by the gate. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_GID   0x00000020"
.PP
GID does not match those allowed by the gate. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_GASID   0x00000040"
.PP
No GASID is available. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_HARDLABEL   0x00000080"
.PP
Hard label does not match those allowed by the gate. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_LIMIT   0x00000100"
.PP
Limit exceeded in regions or domains. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_MEMORY   0x00000200"
.PP
Memory size does not match those allowed by the gate. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_SOFTLABEL   0x00000400"
.PP
Soft label does not match those allowed by the gate. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_SIZE   0x00000800"
.PP
Size gate (width times depth larger than gate allows). 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_TIME   0x00001000"
.PP
Time limit does not match those allowed by the gate. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_UID   0x00002000"
.PP
UID does not match those allowed by the gate. 
.PP
.SS "#define SUB_REASON_CRAYX1_WIDTH   0x00004000"
.PP
Width does not match those allowed by the gate. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
