.TH "lsb_modreservation" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_modreservation \- lsb_modreservation 
Modifies an advance reservation.
.PP
Use \fBlsb_modreservation\fP to modify an advance reservation. mbatchd receives the modification request and modifies the reservation with the specified reservation ID.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_modreservation(struct modRsvRequest *request)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*request\fP modify reservation request.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBmodRsvRequest\fP 
.br
\fBaddRsvRequest\fP 
.br
\fB_rsvExecCmd_t\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The reservation was modified successfully. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 The reservation modification failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
On failure, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line command:" 
.PP
brsvmod
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_addreservation\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_removereservation\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_reservationinfo\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
modRsvRequest \- modifiy reservation request  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBrsvId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBaddRsvRequest\fP \fBfieldsFromAddReq\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBdisabledDuration\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
modifiy reservation request 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBmodRsvRequest::rsvId\fP"
.PP
Reservation ID of the reservation that you wish to modify. 
.PP

.SS "struct \fBaddRsvRequest\fP \fBmodRsvRequest::fieldsFromAddReq\fP"
.PP
LSF user name for the reservation. 
.PP
See the -g option of brsvadd. . 
.SS "char* \fBmodRsvRequest::disabledDuration\fP"
.PP
Disabled time duration. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
addRsvRequest \- add reservation request.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct {"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   int \fBminNumProcs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "   int \fBmaxNumProcs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "} \fBprocRange\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumAskedHosts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBaskedHosts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBresReq\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBtimeWindow\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrsvExecCmd_t\fP * \fBexecCmd\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBdesc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBrsvName\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
add reservation request. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBaddRsvRequest::options\fP"
.PP
Reservation options \fBreservation_option\fP. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBaddRsvRequest::name\fP"
.PP
User or group for which the reservation is made. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBaddRsvRequest::minNumProcs\fP"
.PP
Minimum number of processors the required to run the job. 
.PP
See the -g option of brsvadd. 
.SS "int \fBaddRsvRequest::maxNumProcs\fP"
.PP
Maximum number of processors the required to run the job. 
.PP

.SS "struct { ... }   \fBaddRsvRequest::procRange\fP"
.PP
Range of number of processors. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBaddRsvRequest::numAskedHosts\fP"
.PP
The number of invoker specified hosts for the reservation. 
.PP
If numAskedHosts is 0, all qualified hosts will be considered. 
.SS "char** \fBaddRsvRequest::askedHosts\fP"
.PP
The array of names of invoker specified hosts hosts for the reservation. 
.PP
The number of hosts is given by numAskedHosts. See the -m option of brsvadd. 
.SS "char* \fBaddRsvRequest::resReq\fP"
.PP
The resource requirements of the reservation. 
.PP
See the -R option of brsvadd. 
.SS "char* \fBaddRsvRequest::timeWindow\fP"
.PP
Active time window for a recurring reservation. 
.PP
See the -t option of brsvadd. 
.SS "\fBrsvExecCmd_t\fP* \fBaddRsvRequest::execCmd\fP"
.PP
Info for the -exec option. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBaddRsvRequest::desc\fP"
.PP
Description for the reservation to be created. 
.PP
The description must be provided as a double quoted text string. The maximum length is 512 chars. Equivalent to the value of brsvadd -d. 
.SS "char* \fBaddRsvRequest::rsvName\fP"
.PP
User-defined advance reservation name unique in an LSF cluster. 
.PP
The name is a string of letters, numeric chars, underscores, and dashes beginning with a letter. The maximum length of the name is 39 chars. Equivalent to the value of brsvadd -N. 

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
_rsvExecCmd_t \- reservation excution command  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBpath\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumEvents\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrsvExecEvent_t\fP * \fBevents\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
reservation excution command 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fB_rsvExecCmd_t::path\fP"
.PP
Full path to the command name. 
.PP
.SS "int \fB_rsvExecCmd_t::numEvents\fP"
.PP
Size of events array. 
.PP
.SS "\fBrsvExecEvent_t\fP* \fB_rsvExecCmd_t::events\fP"
.PP
Array of events that trigger -exec command. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
