.TH "lsb_readframejob" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_readframejob \- lsb_readframejob 
Returns all frame jobs information which matchs the specified parameters and fills related information into the frame job information table.
.PP
\fBlsb_readframejob\fP gets all frame jobs information that matches the specified parameters and fills related information into the frame job information table. \fBlsb_readframejob\fP is a wrapper of \fBlsb_openjobinfo\fP, \fBlsb_readjobinfo\fP, and \fBlsb_closejobinfo\fP. Memory allocated in frameJobInfoTbl will be freed by user.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_readframejob(LS_LONG_INT jobId, char *frameName, char *user, char *queue, char *host, int options, struct \fBframeJobInfo\fP **frameJobInfoTbl)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fIjobId\fP Get information about the frame jobs with the given job ID. If jobID is 0, get information about frame jobs which satisfy the other specifications. If a job in a job array is to be modified, use the array form jobID[i] where jobID is the job array name, and i is the index value. 
.br
\fI*frameName\fP Get information about frame jobs with the given frame name. 
.br
\fI*user\fP Get information about frame jobs submitted by the named user or user group, or by all users if user is all. If user is NULL, the user invoking this routine is assumed. 
.br
\fI*queue\fP Get information about frame jobs belonging to the named queue. If queue is NULL,jobs in all queues of the batch system will be considered. 
.br
\fI*host\fP Get information about frame jobs on the named host, host group or cluster name.If host is NULL, jobs on all hosts of the batch system will be considered. 
.br
\fIoptions\fP <lsf/lsbatch.h> defines the following flags \fBdefs_lsb_openjobinfo_a\fP constructed from bits. Use the bitwise OR to set more than one flag. 
.br
\fI**frameJobInfoTbl\fP The result of all frame jobs information.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP

.br
\fBframeJobInfo\fP 
.br
\fBframeElementInfo\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:Length of frame job information table. 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_openjobinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_readjobinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_closejobinfo\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
frameJobInfo \- frame job Infomation.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobGid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmaxJob\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBuserName\fP [MAX_LSB_NAME_LEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBjobName\fP [MAXLINELEN]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBframeElementInfo\fP * \fBframeElementPtr\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
frame job Infomation. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "LS_LONG_INT \fBframeJobInfo::jobGid\fP"
.PP
The job ID that the LSF system assigned to the frame job array. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBframeJobInfo::maxJob\fP"
.PP
The max job number in one frame job array. 
.PP

.SS "char \fBframeJobInfo::userName\fP[MAX_LSB_NAME_LEN]"
.PP
The user submitted the frame job array. 
.PP

.SS "char \fBframeJobInfo::jobName\fP[MAXLINELEN]"
.PP
Full job name. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBframeElementInfo\fP* \fBframeJobInfo::frameElementPtr\fP"
.PP
The full job name of the frame job array. 
.PP
frameElementPtr The pointer to frame ob array table. 

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
frameElementInfo \- frame element information.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBjobindex\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBjobState\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstart\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBend\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstep\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBchunk\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
frame element information. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBframeElementInfo::jobindex\fP"
.PP
The job index in the frame job array. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBframeElementInfo::jobState\fP"
.PP
The job status. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBframeElementInfo::start\fP"
.PP
The start frame of this frame job. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBframeElementInfo::end\fP"
.PP
The end frame of this frame job. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBframeElementInfo::step\fP"
.PP
The step of this frame job. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBframeElementInfo::chunk\fP"
.PP
The chunk size of this frame job. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
