.TH "lsb_userinfo" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_userinfo \- lsb_userinfo 
Returns the maximum number of job slots that a user can use simultaneously on any host and in the whole local LSF cluster.
.PP
\fBlsb_userinfo\fP gets the maximum number of job slots that a user can use simultaneously on any host and in the whole local LSF cluster, as well as the current number of job slots used by running and suspended jobs or reserved for pending jobs. The maximum numbers of job slots are defined in the LSF configuration file lsb.users (see lsb.users). The reserved user name default, defined in the lsb.users configuration file, matches users not listed in the lsb.users file who have no jobs started in the system.
.PP
The returned array will be overwritten by the next call.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct \fBuserInfoEnt\fP *lsb_userinfo(char **users, int *numUsers)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI**users\fP An array of user names. 
.br
\fI*numUsers\fP The number of user names. To get information about all users, set *numUsers = 0; *numUsers will be updated to the actual number of users when this call returns. To get information on the invoker, set users = NULL, *numUsers = 1.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBuserInfoEnt\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBuserInfoEnt\fP *: A static pointer to a struct \fBuserInfoEnt\fP. 
.br
 The function was successful, and *numUsers is set to the number of \fBuserInfoEnt\fP structures returned. 
.PP
NULL 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
If the function fails, lsberrno is set to indicate the error. If lsberrno is LSBE_BAD_USER, (*users)[*numUsers] is not a user known to the LSF system. Otherwise, if *numUsers is less than its original value, *numUsers is the actual number of users found.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
busers
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
$LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.users
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_hostinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_queueinfo\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
userInfoEnt \- user information entry.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBuser\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBprocJobLimit\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmaxJobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumStartJobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumJobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumPEND\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumRUN\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumSSUSP\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumUSUSP\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumRESERVE\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmaxPendJobs\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
user information entry. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBuserInfoEnt::user\fP"
.PP
Name of the user or user group. 
.PP
.SS "float \fBuserInfoEnt::procJobLimit\fP"
.PP
The maximum number of job slots the user or user group can use on each processor. 
.PP
The job slots can be used by started jobs or reserved for PEND jobs. 
.SS "int \fBuserInfoEnt::maxJobs\fP"
.PP
The maximum number of job slots that the user or user group can use simultaneously in the local LSF cluster. 
.PP
The job slots can be used by started jobs or reserved for PEND jobs. 
.SS "int \fBuserInfoEnt::numStartJobs\fP"
.PP
The current number of job slots used by running and suspended jobs belonging to the user or user group. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBuserInfoEnt::numJobs\fP"
.PP
The total number of job slots in the LSF cluster for the jobs submitted by the user or user group. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBuserInfoEnt::numPEND\fP"
.PP
The number of job slots the user or user group has for pending jobs. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBuserInfoEnt::numRUN\fP"
.PP
The number of job slots the user or user group has for running jobs. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBuserInfoEnt::numSSUSP\fP"
.PP
The number of job slots for the jobs belonging to the user or user group that have been suspended by the system. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBuserInfoEnt::numUSUSP\fP"
.PP
The number of job slots for the jobs belonging to the user or user group that have been suspended by the user or the LSF system administrator. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBuserInfoEnt::numRESERVE\fP"
.PP
The number of job slots reserved for the pending jobs belonging to the user or user group. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBuserInfoEnt::maxPendJobs\fP"
.PP
The maximum number of pending jobs allowed. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
