.TH "lsb_getjobdepinfo" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_getjobdepinfo \- lsb_getjobdepinfo 
Returns the job dependency information.
.PP
\fBlsb_getjobdepinfo\fP returns information about jobs (including job arrays) when a job has one or more dependencies on it.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct \fBjobDependInfo\fP * lsb_getjobdepinfo(struct jobDepRequest *jobdepReq)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*jobdepReq\fP Job dependent Request.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBdependJobs\fP 
.br
\fBqueriedJobs\fP 
.br
\fBjobDependInfo\fP 
.br
\fBjobDepRequest\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
\fBjob_has_depend\fP 
.br
\fBquery_depend\fP
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBjobDependInfo\fP *:A pointer to job dependency information. 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
NULL 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
none 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dependJobs \- dependency jobs.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBjobname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlevel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBjobstatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBhasDependency\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBcondition\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsatisfied\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT \fBdepJobId\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
dependency jobs. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "LS_LONG_INT \fBdependJobs::jobId\fP"
.PP
Job ID. 
.PP
By default, it is the parent job of the queried job. Modify to child job by setting QUERY_DEPEND_CHILD in options of JobDepRequest. 
.SS "char* \fBdependJobs::jobname\fP"
.PP
The job name associated with the job ID. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBdependJobs::level\fP"
.PP
The number of degrees of separation from the original job. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBdependJobs::jobstatus\fP"
.PP
Job status of the job. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBdependJobs::hasDependency\fP"
.PP
Whether the job ID has a dependency or not. 
.PP
When you set QUERY_DEPEND_RECURSIVELY in options of JobDepRequest, 0 indicates job ID does not have a dependency. Otherwise, one or more of the following bits displays:
.IP "\(bu" 2
JOB_HAS_DEPENDENCY: Job has a dependency.
.IP "\(bu" 2
JOB_HAS_INDIVIDUAL_CONDITION: Job has an individual dependency condition when it is an element of job array. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBdependJobs::condition\fP"
.PP
When you set 'QUERY_DEPEND_DETAIL' into options, it is dependency condition of jobId. 
.PP
It is '' when you do not set 'QUERY_DEPEND_DETAIL'. 
.SS "int \fBdependJobs::satisfied\fP"
.PP
Whether the condition is satisfied. 
.PP

.SS "LS_LONG_INT \fBdependJobs::depJobId\fP"
.PP
Job ID. 
.PP
By default, it is the child job. Modify to parent job by setting QUERY_DEPEND_CHILD in options of JobDepRequest 

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
queriedJobs \- queried jobs.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBdependcondition\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsatisfied\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
queried jobs. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "LS_LONG_INT \fBqueriedJobs::jobId\fP"
.PP
Job ID of the queried job or job array. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBqueriedJobs::dependcondition\fP"
.PP
The whole dependency condition of the job. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBqueriedJobs::satisfied\fP"
.PP
Whether the condition is satisfied. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
jobDependInfo \- job dependent information.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumQueriedJobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBqueriedJobs\fP * \fBqueriedJobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlevel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumJobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBdependJobs\fP * \fBdepJobs\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
job dependent information. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBjobDependInfo::options\fP"
.PP
You can set the following bits into this field: 
.br
 QUERY_DEPEND_RECURSIVELY 
.br
 Query the dependency information recursively. 
.PP

.br
 QUERY_DEPEND_DETAIL 
.br
 Query the detailed dependency information. 
.br
 QUERY_DEPEND_UNSATISFIED 
.br
 Query the jobs that cause this job pend. 
.br
 QUERY_DEPEND_CHILD 
.br
 Query child jobs. 
.SS "int \fBjobDependInfo::numQueriedJobs\fP"
.PP
The number of jobs you queried. 
.PP
By default, the value is 1. However, when you set QUERY_DEPEND_DETAIL in the options and you query a job array where some elements have a dependency condition that has changed, the value is the number of the changed element + 1. 
.SS "struct \fBqueriedJobs\fP* \fBjobDependInfo::queriedJobs\fP"
.PP
The jobs you queried. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBjobDependInfo::level\fP"
.PP
The number of levels returned. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBjobDependInfo::numJobs\fP"
.PP
The number of jobs returned. 
.PP

.SS "struct \fBdependJobs\fP* \fBjobDependInfo::depJobs\fP"
.PP
The returned dependency jobs. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
jobDepRequest \- job dependent request.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlevel\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
job dependent request. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "LS_LONG_INT \fBjobDepRequest::jobId\fP"
.PP
Job ID of the queried job or job array. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBjobDepRequest::options\fP"
.PP
You can set the following bits into this field: 
.br
 QUERY_DEPEND_RECURSIVELY 
.br
 Query the dependency information recursively. 
.PP

.br
 QUERY_DEPEND_DETAIL 
.br
 Query the detailed dependency information. 
.br
 QUERY_DEPEND_UNSATISFIED 
.br
 Query the jobs that cause this job pend. 
.br
 QUERY_DEPEND_CHILD 
.br
 Query child jobs. 
.SS "int \fBjobDepRequest::level\fP"
.PP
The level when you set QUERY_DEPEND_RECURSIVELY. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
job_has_depend \- options for hasDependency  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBJOB_HAS_DEPENDENCY\fP   0x1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBJOB_HAS_INDIVIDUAL_CONDITION\fP   0x2"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
options for hasDependency 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define JOB_HAS_DEPENDENCY   0x1"
.PP
Job has dependency. 
.PP
.SS "#define JOB_HAS_INDIVIDUAL_CONDITION   0x2"
.PP
Job has individual condition. 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
query_depend \- Job Dependency Display for options.  

.PP
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBQUERY_DEPEND_RECURSIVELY\fP   0x1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBQUERY_DEPEND_DETAIL\fP   0x2"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBQUERY_DEPEND_UNSATISFIED\fP   0x4"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBQUERY_DEPEND_CHILD\fP   0x8"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Job Dependency Display for options. 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define QUERY_DEPEND_RECURSIVELY   0x1"
.PP
Recursively. 
.PP
.SS "#define QUERY_DEPEND_DETAIL   0x2"
.PP
Detail. 
.PP
.SS "#define QUERY_DEPEND_UNSATISFIED   0x4"
.PP
Unsatisfied. 
.PP
.SS "#define QUERY_DEPEND_CHILD   0x8"
.PP
Child. 
.PP
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
