.TH "lsb_reservationinfo" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_reservationinfo \- lsb_reservationinfo 
Retrieve reservation information to display active advance reservations.
.PP
Use \fBlsb_reservationinfo\fP to retrieve reservation information from mbatchd. This function allocates memory that the caller should free.
.PP
If the \fBlsb_reservationinfo\fP function succeeds, it returns the reservation records pertaining to a particular reservation ID (rsvId) as an array of \fBrsvInfoEnt\fP structs.
.PP
If rsvId is NULL, all reservation information will be returned. If a particular rsvId is specified: 
.PD 0

.IP "\(bu" 2
If found, the reservation record pertaining to a particular rsvId is returned 
.IP "\(bu" 2
If not found, the number of reservation records is set to zero and the lsberrno is set appropiately
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB struct \fBrsvInfoEnt\fP *lsb_reservationinfo(char *rsvId, int *numEnts, int options)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*rsvId\fP Reservation ID of the requested reservation. 
.br
\fI*numEnts\fP Number of reservation entries that mbatchd returns. 
.br
\fIoptions\fP The parameter options is currently ignored.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBrsvInfoEnt\fP 
.br
\fBhostRsvInfoEnt\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
struct \fBrsvInfoEnt\fP *:A pointer to reservation infomation entry. 
.br
 Function was successful. 
.PP
NULL 
.br
 Function failed.
.PP
.SH "Errors:" 
.PP
On failure, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line commands:" 
.PP
brsvs
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_addreservation\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_modreservation\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_removereservation\fP 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
rsvInfoEnt \- reservation information entry.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoptions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBrsvId\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumRsvHosts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBhostRsvInfoEnt\fP * \fBrsvHosts\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBtimeWindow\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumRsvJobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT * \fBjobIds\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int * \fBjobStatus\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBdesc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char ** \fBdisabledDurations\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstate\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBnextInstance\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBcreator\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
reservation information entry. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBrsvInfoEnt::options\fP"
.PP
Reservation options, see \fBreservation_option\fP. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBrsvInfoEnt::rsvId\fP"
.PP
Reservation ID returned from mbatchd. 
.PP
If the reservation fails, this is NULL. The memory for rsvid is allocated by the caller. 
.SS "char* \fBrsvInfoEnt::name\fP"
.PP
LSF user group name for the reservation. 
.PP
See the -g option of brsvadd. 
.SS "int \fBrsvInfoEnt::numRsvHosts\fP"
.PP
Number of hosts reserved. 
.PP
.SS "struct \fBhostRsvInfoEnt\fP* \fBrsvInfoEnt::rsvHosts\fP"
.PP
Info about the reserved hosts. 
.PP
.SS "char* \fBrsvInfoEnt::timeWindow\fP"
.PP
Active time window for a recurring reservation. 
.PP
See the -t option of brsvadd. 
.SS "int \fBrsvInfoEnt::numRsvJobs\fP"
.PP
Number of jobs running in the reservation. 
.PP

.SS "LS_LONG_INT* \fBrsvInfoEnt::jobIds\fP"
.PP
Job IDs of jobs running in the reservation. 
.PP

.SS "int* \fBrsvInfoEnt::jobStatus\fP"
.PP
Status of jobs running in the reservation. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBrsvInfoEnt::desc\fP"
.PP
Description for the reservation to be created. 
.PP
The description must be provided as a double quoted text string. The maximum length is 512 chars. Equivalent to the value of brsvadd -d. 
.SS "char** \fBrsvInfoEnt::disabledDurations\fP"
.PP
Null-terminated list of disabled durations. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBrsvInfoEnt::state\fP"
.PP
The current state of the reservation - active or inactive. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBrsvInfoEnt::nextInstance\fP"
.PP
The time of the next instance of a recurring reservation. 
.PP

.SS "char* \fBrsvInfoEnt::creator\fP"
.PP
Creator of the reservation. 
.PP


.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
hostRsvInfoEnt \- host reservation infromation entry.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBhost\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumCPUs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumSlots\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumRsvProcs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumusedRsvProcs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumUsedProcs\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
host reservation infromation entry. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char* \fBhostRsvInfoEnt::host\fP"
.PP
Host name. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBhostRsvInfoEnt::numCPUs\fP"
.PP
Number of CPUs reserved on the host. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBhostRsvInfoEnt::numSlots\fP"
.PP
Number of job slots reserved on the host. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBhostRsvInfoEnt::numRsvProcs\fP"
.PP
Number of processors reserved on the host. 
.PP

.SS "int \fBhostRsvInfoEnt::numusedRsvProcs\fP"
.PP
Count for used + suspended from reserved slots. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBhostRsvInfoEnt::numUsedProcs\fP"
.PP
Number of processors in use on the host. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
