.TH "lsb_killbulkjobs" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsb_killbulkjobs \- lsb_killbulkjobs 
Kills bulk jobs as soon as possible.
.PP
Use \fBlsb_killbulkjobs\fP to kill bulk jobs on a local host immediately, or to kill other jobs as soon as possible. If mbatchd rejects the request, it issues NULL as the reservation ID.
.PP
\fB#include <lsf/lsbatch.h>\fP
.PP
\fB int lsb_killbulkjobs(struct signalBulkJobs *s)\fP
.PP
.SH "Parameters:"
\fI*s\fP The signal to a group of jobs.
.PP
.SH "Data Structures:" 
.PP
\fBsignalBulkJobs\fP
.PP
.SH "Define Statements:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "Returns:"
int:0 
.br
 The bulk jobs were successfully killed. 
.PP
int:-1 
.br
 The bulk jobs were not killed.
.PP
.SH "Error:" 
.PP
On failure, lsberrno is set to indicate the error.
.PP
.SH "Equivalent line command:" 
.PP
bkill -b
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
none
.PP
.SH "See also:"
none 
.PP

.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
signalBulkJobs \- Signal a group of jobs.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBsignal\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnjobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "LS_LONG_INT * \fBjobs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBflags\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Signal a group of jobs. 
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBsignalBulkJobs::signal\fP"
.PP
Signal type. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBsignalBulkJobs::njobs\fP"
.PP
Number of jobs. 
.PP
.SS "LS_LONG_INT* \fBsignalBulkJobs::jobs\fP"
.PP
Jobids list. 
.PP
.SS "int \fBsignalBulkJobs::flags\fP"
.PP
Flags. 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
