.TH "lsblib" 3 "3 Sep 2009" "Version 7.0" "Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lsblib \- lsblib 
Application Programming Interface (API) library functions for batch jobs
.PP
LSBLIB functions allow application programs to get information about the hosts, queues, users, jobs and configuration of the batch system. Application programs can also \fBsubmit\fP jobs and control hosts, queues and jobs. Finally, application programs can read batch log files and write batch error messages.
.PP
.SH "Note:"
.PP
All LSBLIB APIs require that the batch header file <lsf/lsbatch.h> be included. 
.PP
Many LSBLIB APIs return a pointer to an array or structure. These data structures are in static storage or on the heap. The next time the API is called, the storage is overwritten or freed. 
.PP
Any program using LSBLIB APIs that change the state of the batch system (that is, except for APIs that just get information about the system) must be setuid to root if LSF_AUTH is not defined in the lsf.conf file. 
.PP
On systems which have both System V and BSD programming interfaces, LSBLIB typically requires the BSD programming interface. On System V-based versions of UNIX, for example SGI IRIX, it is normally necessary to link applications using LSBLIB with the BSD compatibility library. 
.PP
On AFS systems, the following needs to be added to the end of your linkage specifications when linking with LSBLIB (assuming your AFS library path is /usr/afsws): 
.PP
For HP-UX and Solaris, 
.PP
-lc -L/usr/afsws/lib -L/usr/afsws/lib/afs -lsys -lrx -llwp /usr/afsws/lib/afs/util.a 
.PP
For other platforms, 
.PP
-lc -L/usr/afsws/lib -L/usr/afsws/lib/afs -lsys -lrx -llwp
.PP
.SH "Files:" 
.PP
${LSF_ENVDIR:-/etc}/lsf.conf 
.br
 $LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.shared 
.br
 $LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.cluster.cluster_name 
.br
 $LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task 
.br
 $LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task.cluster_name 
.br
 $LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.hosts 
.br
 $$LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.params 
.br
 $LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.queues 
.br
 $LSB_CONFDIR/cluster_name/configdir/lsb.users
.PP
.SH "See also:"
\fBlsb_addreservation\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_calendarinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_calendarop\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_chkpntjob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_closejobinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_closestream\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_deletejob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_forcekilljob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_freeLimitInfoEnt\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_getalloc\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_geteventrec\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_geteventrecbyline\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_getjobdepinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_hostcontrol\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_hostgrpinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_hostinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_hostinfo_cond\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_hostinfo_ex\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_hostpartinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_init\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_jsdl2submit\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_killbulkjobs\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_launch\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_limitInfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_mig\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_modify\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_modreservation\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_movejob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_openjobinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_openjobinfo_a\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_openjobinfo_a_ext\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_openjobinfo_req\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_openstream\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_parameterinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_peekjob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_pendreason\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_perror\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_postjobmsg\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_puteventrec\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_queuecontrol\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_queueinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_readframejob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_readjobinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_readjobinfo_cond\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_readjobmsg\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_readstream\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_readstreamline\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_reconfig\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_removereservation\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_requeuejob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_reservationinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_resize_cancel\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_resize_release\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_runjob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_sharedresourceinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_signaljob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_streamversion\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_submit\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_submitframe\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_suspreason\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_switchjob\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_sysmsg\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_usergrpinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_userinfo\fP 
.PP
\fBlsb_writestream\fP 
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Platform LSF 7.0.6 C API Reference from the source code.
