.\" restart.3ckpt,v 1.2 1994/07/30 15:28:31 xxue Exp
.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.TH RESTART 3CKPT "1 August 1998"
.SH NAME
restart \- restart execution of a process or a process family
.LP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <sys/types.h>
.B #include <chkpnt.h>
.PP
.nf
.ft B
pid_t restart(const char *path, int flags);
.ft
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
This function restarts a process or a process family from the 
checkpoint file(s) created by the 
.BR chkpnt (3)
function.
.PP
The arguments passed to 
.B restart()
have the following meanings:
.PP
.TP 12
.B path
The directory under which the checkpoint files are stored.
.TP 12
.B flags
.B RESTART_SIGALL
- Upon successful restart, a
.B SIGCONT
signal is sent to each of the restarted processes.
.IP
.B RESTART_SIGROOT
- Upon successful restart, a
.B SIGCONT
signal is sent to the root process in the restart group.
.SH RETURN VALUES
Upon successful completion,
.B restart()
returns the process id of the process restarted or the root
process in the process family. Otherwise, a value
of
.B -1
is returned, and 
.B errno
is set to indicate the error.
.SH ERRORS
If any of the following conditions occur, 
.B restart()
returns
.B -1
and sets
.B errno
to the corresponding value.
.TP 15
.SM [EACCES]
Search permission is denied on a component of the
.B path
argument.
.TP
.SM [EAGAIN]
One or more files referenced in the checkpoint directory are no longer present.
.TP
.SM [ERESTARTFAIL]
Restart operation could not be completed.
.TP
.SM [EINVAL]
An invalid argument was passed to the function call.
.TP
.SM [ENOENT]
The named directory does not exist, or the
.B path
argument points to an empty string.
.TP
.SM [ENOSYS]
The
.B restart()
function is not supported by the implementation.
.TP
.SM [ENOTDIR]
A component of the 
.B path
is not a directory.
.TP
.SM [ENAMETOOLONG]
The length of the path string exceeds
.BR PATH_MAX ,
or a pathname component is longer than
.BR NAME_MAX .
.TP
.SM [EPERM]
The calling process does not have permission to restart one
or more of the target process.
.TP
.SM [ENOEXEC]
The checkpoint file or directory referred by
.B path
is not a
valid checkpoint or directory.
.SH NOTES
The current implementation of
.BR restart (3)
does not support the restart of a family of processes.
.SH STANDARD COMFORMANCE
POSIX.1a
.SH SEE ALSO
chkpnt(1), restart(1), chkpnt(3), rmckpt(3).
