
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bapp 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbapp\fR
.sp 2
   Displays information about application profile configuration.
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bapp [-l | -w] [application_profile_name ...]
.sp 2
bapp [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays information about application profiles configured in
   lsb.applications.
.sp 2
   Returns application name, job slot statistics, and job state
   statistics for all application profiles:
.sp 2
   In MultiCluster, returns the information about all application
   profiles in the local cluster.
.sp 2
   CPU time is normalized.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-w \fR
.br
               Wide format. Fields are displayed without
               truncation.
.sp 2
   \fB-l \fR
.br
               Long format with additional information.
.sp 2
               Displays the following additional information:
               application profile description, application
               profile characteristics and statistics,
               parameters, resource usage limits, associated
               commands, binding policy, and job controls.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIapplication_profile_name\fB ... \fR
.br
               Displays information about the specified
               application profile.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints product release version to stderr and
               exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Default output format"
\fBDefault output format\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBAPPLICATION_NAME\fR
.br
               The name of the application profile. Application
               profiles are named to correspond to the type of
               application that usually runs within them.
.sp 2
   \fBNJOBS \fR
.br
               The total number of job slots held currently by
               jobs in the application profile. This includes
               pending, running, suspended and reserved job
               slots. A parallel job that is running on \fIn\fR
               processors is counted as \fIn\fR job slots, since
               it takes \fIn\fR job slots in the application.
.sp 2
   \fBPEND\fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by pending jobs in
               the application profile.
.sp 2
   \fBRUN\fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by running jobs in
               the application profile.
.sp 2
   \fBSUSP\fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by suspended jobs in
               the application profile.
.sp 2 .SH "Long output format (-l)"
\fBLong output format (-l)\fR
.sp 2
   In addition to the above fields, the -l option displays the
   following:
.sp 2
   \fBDescription\fR
.br
               A description of the typical use of the
               application profile.
.sp 2
   \fBPARAMETERS/ STATISTICS\fR
.br
               \fBSSUSP\fR
.br
                           The number of job slots in the
                           application profile allocated to jobs
                           that are suspended by LSF because of
                           load levels or run windows.
.sp 2
               \fBUSUSP \fR
.br
                           The number of job slots in the
                           application profile allocated to jobs
                           that are suspended by the job
                           submitter or by the LSF administrator.
.sp 2
               \fBRSV\fR
.br
                           The number of job slots in the
                           application profile that are reserved
                           by LSF for pending jobs.
.sp 2
   \fBPer-job resource usage limits\fR
.br
               The soft resource usage limits that are imposed on
               the jobs associated with the application profile.
               These limits are imposed on a per-job and a
               per-process basis.
.sp 2
               The possible per-job limits are:
.sp 2
               \fBCPULIMIT\fR
.br
                           The maximum CPU time a job can use, in
                           minutes, relative to the CPU factor of
                           the named host. CPULIMIT is scaled by
                           the CPU factor of the execution host
                           so that jobs are allowed more time on
                           slower hosts.
.sp 2
               \fBMEMLIMIT\fR
.br
                           The maximum running set size (RSS) of
                           a process.
.sp 2
                           By default, the limit is shown in KB.
                           Use LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS in lsf.conf to
                           specify a larger unit for display (MB,
                           GB, TB, PB, or EB).
.sp 2
               \fBMEMLIMIT_TYPE\fR
.br
                           A memory limit is the maximum amount
                           of memory a job is allowed to consume.
                           Jobs that exceed the level are killed.
                           You can specify different types of
                           memory limits to enforce, based on
                           PROCESS, TASK, or JOB (or any
                           combination of the three).
.sp 2
               \fBPROCESSLIMIT \fR
.br
                           The maximum number of concurrent
                           processes allocated to a job.
.sp 2
               \fBPROCLIMIT\fR
.br
                           The maximum number of processors
                           allocated to a job.
.sp 2
               \fBSWAPLIMIT\fR
.br
                           The swap space limit that a job may
                           use.
.sp 2
                           By default, the limit is shown in KB.
                           Use LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS in lsf.conf to
                           specify a larger unit for display (MB,
                           GB, TB, PB, or EB).
.sp 2
               \fBTHREADLIMIT \fR
.br
                           The maximum number of concurrent
                           threads allocated to a job.
.sp 2
   \fBPer-process resource usage limits\fR
.br
               The possible UNIX per-process resource limits are:
.sp 2
               \fBCORELIMIT\fR
.br
                           The maximum size of a core file.
.sp 2
                           By default, the limit is shown in KB.
                           Use LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS in lsf.conf to
                           specify a larger unit for display (MB,
                           GB, TB, PB, or EB).
.sp 2
               \fBDATALIMIT\fR
.br
                           The maximum size of the data segment
                           of a process, in KB. This restricts
                           the amount of memory a process can
                           allocate.
.sp 2
               \fBFILELIMIT\fR
.br
                           The maximum file size a process can
                           create, in KB.
.sp 2
               \fBRUNLIMIT\fR
.br
                           The maximum wall clock time a process
                           can use, in minutes. RUNLIMIT is
                           scaled by the CPU factor of the
                           execution host.
.sp 2
               \fBSTACKLIMIT\fR
.br
                           The maximum size of the stack segment
                           of a process. This restricts the
                           amount of memory a process can use for
                           local variables or recursive function
                           calls.
.sp 2
                           By default, the limit is shown in KB.
                           Use LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS in lsf.conf to
                           specify a larger unit for display (MB,
                           GB, TB, PB, or EB).
.sp 2
   \fBBIND_JOB\fR
.br
               The processor binding policy for sequential and
               parallel job processes enabled in the application
               profile. Displays one of: NONE, BALANCE, PACK,
               ANY, USER, or USER_CPU_LIST.
.sp 2
               For example:
.sp 2
               \fRbapp -l app1\fR
.sp 2
               APPLICATION NAME: app1
.sp 2
                -- test processor binding options
.sp 2
               ……
.sp 2
               PARAMETERS:
.sp 2
               BIND_JOB: ANY
.sp 2
               For backwards compatibility, bapp -l displays "Y"
               or "N" if BIND_JOB is defined with those values in
               the application profile.
.sp 2
   \fBCHKPNT_DIR\fR
.br
               The checkpoint directory, if automatic
               checkpointing is enabled for the application
               profile.
.sp 2
   \fBCHKPNT_INITPERIOD\fR
.br
               The initial checkpoint period in minutes. The
               periodic checkpoint does not happen until the
               initial period has elapsed.
.sp 2
   \fBCHKPNT_PERIOD\fR
.br
               The checkpoint period in minutes. The running job
               is checkpointed automatically every checkpoint
               period.
.sp 2
   \fBCHKPNT_METHOD\fR
.br
               The checkpoint method.
.sp 2
   \fBMIG\fR
.br
               The migration threshold in minutes. A value of 0
               (zero) specifies that a suspended job should be
               migrated immediately.
.sp 2
               Where a host migration threshold is also
               specified, and is lower than the job value, the
               host value is used.
.sp 2
   \fBPRE_EXEC\fR
.br
               The pre-execution command for the application
               profile. The PRE_EXEC command runs on the
               execution host before the job associated with the
               application profile is dispatched to the execution
               host (or to the first host selected for a parallel
               batch job).
.sp 2
   \fBPOST_EXEC\fR
.br
               The post-execution command for the application
               profile. The POST_EXEC command runs on the
               execution host after the job finishes.
.sp 2
   \fBJOB_INCLUDE_POSTPROC\fR
.br
               If \fBJOB_INCLUDE_POSTPROC\fR= Y, post-execution
               processing of the job is included as part of the
               job.
.sp 2
   \fBJOB_POSTPROC_TIMEOUT \fR
.br
               Timeout in minutes for job post-execution
               processing. If post-execution processing takes
               longer than the timeout, sbatchd reports that
               post-execution has failed (POST_ERR status), and
               kills the process group of the job’s
               post-execution processes.
.sp 2
   \fBREQUEUE_EXIT_VALUES\fR
.br
               Jobs that exit with these values are automatically
               requeued.
.sp 2
   \fBRES_REQ\fR
.br
               Resource requirements of the application profile.
               Only the hosts that satisfy these resource
               requirements can be used by the application
               profile.
.sp 2
   \fBJOB_STARTER\fR
.br
               An executable file that runs immediately prior to
               the batch job, taking the batch job file as an
               input argument. All jobs submitted to the
               application profile are run via the job starter,
               which is generally used to create a specific
               execution environment before processing the jobs
               themselves.
.sp 2
   \fBCHUNK_JOB_SIZE\fR
.br
               Chunk jobs only. Specifies the maximum number of
               jobs allowed to be dispatched together in a chunk
               job. All of the jobs in the chunk are scheduled
               and dispatched as a unit rather than individually.
.sp 2
   \fBRERUNNABLE\fR
.br
               If the RERUNNABLE field displays \fRyes\fR, jobs
               in the application profile are automatically
               restarted or rerun if the execution host becomes
               unavailable. However, a job in the application
               profile is not restarted if you use bmod to remove
               the rerunnable option from the job.
.sp 2
   \fBRESUME_CONTROL\fR
.br
               The configured actions for the resume job control.
.sp 2
               The configured actions are displayed in the format
               [\fIaction_type\fR, \fIcommand\fR] where
               \fIaction_type\fR is RESUME.
.sp 2
   \fBSUSPEND_CONTROL\fR
.br
               The configured actions for the suspend job
               control.
.sp 2
               The configured actions are displayed in the format
               [\fIaction_type\fR, \fIcommand\fR] where
               \fIaction_type\fR is SUSPEND.
.sp 2
   \fBTERMINATE_CONTROL\fR
.br
               The configured actions for terminate job control.
.sp 2
               The configured actions are displayed in the format
               [\fIaction_type\fR, \fIcommand\fR] where
               \fIaction_type\fR is TERMINATE.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsb.applications, lsb.queues, bsub, bjobs, badmin, mbatchd
