
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bbot 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbbot\fR
.sp 2
   Moves a pending job relative to the last job in the queue.
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bbot job_ID | "job_ID[index_list]" [position]
.sp 2
bbot -h | -V
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Changes the queue position of a pending job or job array
   element, to affect the order in which jobs are considered for
   dispatch.
.sp 2
   By default, LSF dispatches jobs in a queue in the order of
   arrival (that is, first-come, first-served), subject to
   availability of suitable server hosts.
.sp 2
   The bbot command allows users and the LSF administrator to
   manually change the order in which jobs are considered for
   dispatch. Users can only operate on their own jobs, whereas
   the LSF administrator can operate on any user’s jobs.
.sp 2
   If invoked by the LSF administrator, bbot moves the selected
   job after the last job with the same priority submitted to the
   queue.
.sp 2
   If invoked by a user, bbot moves the selected job after the
   last job with the same priority submitted by the user to the
   queue.
.sp 2
   Pending jobs are displayed by bjobs in the order in which they
   are considered for dispatch.
.sp 2
   A user may use bbot to change the dispatch order of their jobs
   scheduled using a fairshare policy. However, if a job
   scheduled using a fairshare policy is moved by the LSF
   administrator using btop, the job is not subject to further
   fairshare scheduling unless the same job is subsequently moved
   by the LSF administrator using bbot; in this case the job is
   scheduled again using the same fairshare policy.
.sp 2
   To prevent users from changing the queue position of a pending
   job with bbot, configure JOB_POSITION_CONTROL_BY_ADMIN=Y in
   lsb.params.
.sp 2
   You cannot run bbot on jobs pending in an absolute priority
   scheduling (APS) queue.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex_list\fB]"\fR
.br
               Required. Job ID of the job or job array on which
               to operate.
.sp 2
               For a job array, the index list, the square
               brackets, and the quotation marks are required. An
               index list is used to operate on a job array. The
               index list is a comma separated list whose
               elements have the syntax
               start_index[-end_index[:step]] where start_index,
               end_index and step are positive integers. If the
               step is omitted, a step of one is assumed. The job
               array index starts at one. The maximum job array
               index is 1000. All jobs in the array share the
               same job_ID and parameters. Each element of the
               array is distinguished by its array index.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIposition\fB\fR
.br
               Optional. The position argument can be specified
               to indicate where in the queue the job is to be
               placed. position is a positive number that
               indicates the target position of the job from the
               end of the queue. The positions are relative to
               only the applicable jobs in the queue, depending
               on whether the invoker is a regular user or the
               LSF administrator. The default value of 1 means
               the position is after all other jobs with the same
               priority.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   \fR\fRbjobs(1), \fR\fRbswitch(1), \fR\fRbtop(1),
   JOB_POSITION_CONTROL_BY_ADMIN in lsb.params
.sp 2
