
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bchkpnt 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbchkpnt\fR
.sp 2
   checkpoints one or more checkpointable jobs
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bchkpnt [-f] [-k] [-app application_profile_name] [-p minutes |
-p 0] job_ID | "job_ID[index_list]" ...
.sp 2
bchkpnt [-f] [-k] [-app application_profile_name] [-p minutes |
-p 0] -J job_name |-m host_name | -m host_group |-q queue_name
|-u "user_name" | -u all [0]
.sp 2
bchkpnt -h | -V
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Checkpoints the most recently submitted running or suspended
   checkpointable job.
.sp 2
   LSF administrators and root can checkpoint jobs submitted by
   other users.
.sp 2
   Jobs continue to execute after they have been checkpointed.
.sp 2
   LSF invokes the echkpnt(8) executable found in LSF_SERVERDIR
   to perform the checkpoint.
.sp 2
   Only running members of a chunk job can be checkpointed. For
   chunk jobs in WAIT state, mbatchd rejects the checkpoint
   request.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB0\fR
.br
               (Zero). Checkpoints all of the jobs that satisfy
               other specified criteria.
.sp 2
   \fB-f\fR
.br
               Forces a job to be checkpointed even if
               non-checkpointable conditions exist (these
               conditions are OS-specific).
.sp 2
   \fB-app \fIapplication_profile_name\fB\fR
.br
               Operates only on jobs associated with the
               specified application profile. You must specify an
               existing application profile. If \fIjob_ID\fR or 0
               is not specified, only the most recently submitted
               qualifying job is operated on.
.sp 2
   \fB-k\fR
.br
               Kills a job after it has been successfully
               checkpointed.
.sp 2
   \fB-p \fIminutes\fB | -p 0\fR
.br
               Enables periodic checkpointing and specifies the
               checkpoint period, or modifies the checkpoint
               period of a checkpointed job. Specify -p 0 (zero)
               to disable periodic checkpointing.
.sp 2
               Checkpointing is a resource-intensive operation.
               To allow your job to make progress while still
               providing fault tolerance, specify a checkpoint
               period of 30 minutes or longer.
.sp 2
   \fB-J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
               Checkpoints only jobs that have the specified job
               name.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB-m \fIhost_name\fB | -m \fIhost_group\fB\fR
.br
               Checkpoints only jobs dispatched to the specified
               hosts.
.sp 2
   \fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB \fR
.br
               Checkpoints only jobs dispatched from the
               specified queue.
.sp 2
   \fB-u "\fIuser_name\fB" | -u all\fR
.br
               Checkpoints only jobs submitted by the specified
               users. The keyword all specifies all users.
               Ignored if a job ID other than 0 (zero) is
               specified. To specify a Windows user account,
               include the domain name in uppercase letters and
               use a single backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a Windows
               command line or a double backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a UNIX
               command line.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex_list\fB]"\fR
.br
               Checkpoints only the specified jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   \fR\fR\fRbchkpnt 1234\fR
.sp 2
   Checkpoints the job with job ID 1234.
.sp 2
   \fR\fR\fRbchkpnt -p 120 1234\fR
.sp 2
   Enables periodic checkpointing or changes the checkpoint
   period to 120 minutes (2 hours) for a job with job ID 1234.
.sp 2
   \fR\fR\fRbchkpnt -m hostA -k -u all 0\fR
.sp 2
   When issued by root or the LSF administrator, checkpoints and
   kills all checkpointable jobs on \fRhostA\fR. This is useful
   when a host needs to be shut down or rebooted.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bsub(1), bmod(1), brestart(1), bjobs(1), bqueues(1),
   bhosts(1), libckpt.a(3), lsb.queues(5), echkpnt(8),
   erestart(8), mbatchd(8)
