
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bclusters 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbclusters\fR
.sp 2
   displays MultiCluster information
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bclusters [-app]
.sp 2
bclusters [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   For the job forwarding model, displays a list of MultiCluster
   queues together with their relationship with queues in remote
   clusters.
.sp 2
   For the resource leasing model, displays remote resource
   provider and consumer information, resource flow information,
   and connection status between the local and remote cluster.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-app\fR
.br
               Displays available application profiles in remote
               clusters.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Job Forwarding Information"
\fBOutput: Job Forwarding Information\fR
.sp 2
   Displays a list of MultiCluster queues together with their
   relationship with queues in remote clusters.
.sp 2
   Information related to the job forwarding model is displayed
   under the heading Job Forwarding Information.
.sp 2
   \fBLOCAL_QUEUE\fR
.br
               Name of a local MultiCluster send-jobs or
               receive-jobs queue.
.sp 2
   \fBJOB_FLOW\fR
.br
               Indicates direction of job flow.
.sp 2
               \fBsend \fR
.br
                           The local queue is a MultiCluster
                           send-jobs queue (SNDJOBS_TO is defined
                           in the local queue).
.sp 2
               \fBrecv \fR
.br
                           The local queue is a MultiCluster
                           receive-jobs queue (RCVJOBS_FROM is
                           defined in the local queue).
.sp 2
   \fBREMOTE\fR
.br
               For send-jobs queues, shows the name of the
               receive-jobs queue in a remote cluster.
.sp 2
               For receive-jobs queues, always “-”.
.sp 2
   \fBCLUSTER\fR
.br
               For send-jobs queues, shows the name of the remote
               cluster containing the receive-jobs queue.
.sp 2
               For receive-jobs queues, shows the name of the
               remote cluster that can send jobs to the local
               queue.
.sp 2
   \fBSTATUS\fR
.br
               Indicates the connection status between the local
               queue and remote queue.
.sp 2
               \fBok \fR
.br
                           The two clusters can exchange
                           information and the system is properly
                           configured.
.sp 2
               \fBdisc\fR
.br
                           Communication between the two clusters
                           has not been established. This could
                           occur because there are no jobs
                           waiting to be dispatched, or because
                           the remote master cannot be located.
.sp 2
               \fBreject\fR
.br
                           The remote queue rejects jobs from the
                           send-jobs queue. The local queue and
                           remote queue are connected and the
                           clusters communicate, but the
                           queue-level configuration is not
                           correct. For example, the send-jobs
                           queue in the submission cluster points
                           to a receive-jobs queue that does not
                           exist in the remote cluster.
.sp 2
                           If the job is rejected, it returns to
                           the submission cluster.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Resource Lease Information"
\fBOutput: Resource Lease Information\fR
.sp 2
   Displays remote resource provider and consumer information,
   resource flow information, and connection status between the
   local and remote cluster.
.sp 2
   Information related to the resource leasing model is displayed
   under the heading Resource Lease Information.
.sp 2
   \fBREMOTE_CLUSTER\fR
.br
               For borrowed resources, name of the remote cluster
               that is the provider.
.sp 2
               For exported resources, name of the remote cluster
               that is the consumer.
.sp 2
   \fBRESOURCE_FLOW\fR
.br
               Indicates direction of resource flow.
.sp 2
               \fBIMPORT\fR
.br
                           Local cluster is the consumer and
                           borrows resources from the remote
                           cluster (HOSTS parameter in one or
                           more local queue definitions includes
                           remote resources).
.sp 2
               \fBEXPORT\fR
.br
                           Local cluster is the provider and
                           exports resources to the remote
                           cluster.
.sp 2
   \fBSTATUS\fR
.br
               Indicates the connection status between the local
               and remote cluster.
.sp 2
               \fBok\fR
.br
                           MultiCluster jobs can run.
.sp 2
               \fBdisc\fR
.br
                           No communication between the two
                           clusters. This could be a temporary
                           situation or could indicate a
                           MultiCluster configuration error.
.sp 2
               \fBconn\fR
.br
                           The two clusters communicate, but the
                           lease is not established. This should
                           be a temporary situation, lasting only
                           until jobs are submitted.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Remote Cluster Application Information"
\fBOutput: Remote Cluster Application Information\fR
.sp 2
   bcluster -app displays information related to application
   profile configuration under the heading Remote Cluster
   Application Information. Application profile information is
   only displayed for the job forwarding model. bclusters does
   not show local cluster application profile information.
.sp 2
   \fBREMOTE_CLUSTER\fR
.br
               The name of the remote cluster.
.sp 2
   \fBAPP_NAME\fR
.br
               The name of the application profile available in
               the remote cluster.
.sp 2
   \fBDESCRIPTION\fR
.br
               The description of the application profile.
.sp 2
   \fB\fR
.br

.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   Reads lsb.queues and lsb.applications.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bapp, bhosts, bqueues, lsclusters, lsinfo, lsb.queues
.sp 2
