
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bgadd 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbgadd\fR
.sp 2
   creates job groups
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bgadd [-L limit] [-sla service_class_name] job_group_name
.sp 2
bgadd [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Creates a job group with the job group name specified by
   \fIjob_group_name\fR.
.sp 2
   You must provide full group path name for the new job group.
   The last component of the path is the name of the new group to
   be created.
.sp 2
   You do not need to create the parent job group before you
   create a sub-group under it. If no groups in the job group
   hierarchy exist, all groups are created with the specified
   hierarchy.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-L \fIlimit\fB\fR
.br
               Specifies the maximum number of concurrent jobs
               allowed to run under the job group (including
               child groups) -L limits the number of started jobs
               (RUN, SSUSP, USUSP) under the job group. Specify a
               positive number between 0 and 2147483647. If the
               specified limit is zero (0), no jobs under the job
               group can run.
.sp 2
               You cannot specify a limit for the root job group.
               The root job group has no job limit. Job groups
               added with no limits specified inherit any limits
               of existing parent job groups. The -L option only
               limits the lowest level job group created.
.sp 2
               If a parallel job requests 2 CPUs (bsub -n 2), the
               job group limit is per job, not per slots used by
               the job.
.sp 2
               By default, a job group has no job limit. Limits
               persist across mbatchd restart or reconfiguration.
.sp 2
   \fB-sla \fIservice_class_name\fB\fR
.br
               The name of a service class defined in
               lsb.serviceclasses, or the name of the SLA defined
               in ENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA in lsb.params. The job
               group is attached to the specified SLA.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_group_name\fB\fR
.br
               Full path of the job group name.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         Create a job group named \fRrisk_group\fR under the root
         group /:
.sp 2
         bgadd /risk_group
.sp 2
     o  
         Create a job group named \fRportfolio1\fR under job
         group \fR/risk_group\fR:
.sp 2
         bgadd /risk_group/portfolio1
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bgdel, bjgroup
