
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bgdel 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbgdel\fR
.sp 2
   deletes job groups
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bgdel [-u user_name | -u all] job_group_name | 0
.sp 2
bgdel -c job_group_name
.sp 2
bgdel [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Deletes a job group with the job group name specified by
   \fIjob_group_name\fR and all its subgroups.
.sp 2
   You must provide full group path name for the job group to be
   deleted. Deletion only takes effect after all jobs belonging
   to the group are cleaned out of mbatchd memory after the clean
   period.
.sp 2
   Users can only delete their own job groups. LSF administrators
   can delete any job groups.
.sp 2
   Job groups can be created explicitly or implicitly:
.sp 2
     o  
         A job group is created explicitly with the bgadd
         command.
.sp 2
     o  
         A job group is created implicitly by the bsub -g or bmod
         -g command when the specified group does not exist. Job
         groups are also created implicitly when a default job
         group is configured (DEFAULT_JOBGROUP in lsb.params or
         LSB_DEFAULT_JOBGROUP environment variable).
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB0\fR
.br
               Delete the empty job groups. These groups can be
               explicit or implicit.
.sp 2
   \fB -u \fIuser_name\fB\fR
.br
               Delete empty job groups owned by the specified
               user. Only administrators can use this option.
               These groups can be explicit or implicit. If you
               specify a job group name, the -u option is
               ignored.
.sp 2
   \fB-u all \fR
.br
               Delete empty job groups and their sub groups for
               all users. Only administrators can use this
               option. These groups can be explicit or implicit.
               If you specify a job group name, the -u option is
               ignored.
.sp 2
   \fB-c \fIjob_group_name\fB\fR
.br
               Delete all the empty groups below the requested
               \fIjob_group_name\fR including the
               \fIjob_group_name\fR itself. These groups can be
               explicit or implicit.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_group_name\fB\fR
.br
               Full path of the job group name.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   bgdel /risk_groupJob group /risk_group is deleted.
.sp 2
   deletes the job group /risk_group and all its subgroups.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bgadd, bjgroup
.sp 2
