
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bgmod 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbgmod\fR
.sp 2
   modifies job groups
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bgmod [-L limit | -Ln] job_group_name
.sp 2
bgmod [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Modifies the job group with the job group name specified by
   \fIjob_group_name\fR.
.sp 2
   Only root, LSF administrators, the job group creator, or the
   creator of the parent job groups can use bgmod to modify a job
   group limit.
.sp 2
   You must provide full group path name for the modified job
   group. The last component of the path is the name of the job
   group to be modified.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-L \fIlimit\fB\fR
.br
               Changes the limit of \fIjob_group_name\fR to the
               specified \fIlimit\fR value. If the job group has
               parent job groups, the new limit cannot exceed the
               limits of any higher level job groups. Similarly,
               if the job group has child job groups, the new
               value must be greater than any limits on the lower
               level job groups.
.sp 2
               \fIlimit\fR specifies the maximum number of
               concurrent jobs allowed to run under the job group
               (including child groups) -L limits the number of
               started jobs (RUN, SSUSP, USUSP) under the job
               group. Specify a positive number between 0 and
               2147483647. If the specified limit is zero (0), no
               jobs under the job group can run.
.sp 2
               You cannot specify a limit for the root job group.
               The root job group has no job limit. The -L option
               only limits the lowest level job group specified.
.sp 2
               If a parallel job requests 2 CPUs (bsub -n 2), the
               job group limit is per job, not per slots used by
               the job.
.sp 2
   \fB-Ln \fR
.br
               Removes the existing job limit for the job group.
               If the job group has parent job groups, the job
               modified group automatically inherits any limits
               from its direct parent job group.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_group_name\fB \fR
.br
               Full path of the job group name.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   The following command only modifies the limit of group
   /canada/projects/test1. It does not modify limits of /canada
   or/canada/projects.
.sp 2
   bgmod -L 6 /canada/projects/test1
.sp 2
   To modify limits of /canada or/canada/projects, you must
   specify the exact group name:
.sp 2
   bgmod -L 6 /canada
.sp 2
   or
.sp 2
   bgmod -L 6 /canada/projects
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bgadd, bgdel, bjgroup
