
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bhist 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbhist\fR
.sp 2
   displays historical information about jobs
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bhist [-a |-d | -e |-p | -r | -s] [-b | -w] [-l] [-C
start_time,end_time] [-D start_time,end_time] [-f logfile_name |
-n number_logfiles | -n 0] [-S start_time,end_time] [-J job_name]
[-Jd "job_description"] [-Lp ls_project_name] [-m "host_name"
...] [-N host_name | -N host_model | -N CPU_factor] [-P
project_name] [-q queue_name] [-u user_name | -u all | -G
user_group]
.sp 2
bhist [-t] [-f logfile_name] [-T start_time,end_time]
.sp 2
bhist [-J job_name] [-Jd "job_description"] [-N host_name | -N
host_model | -N cpu_factor] [job_ID ... | "job_ID[index]" ...]
.sp 2
bhist [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   By default:
.sp 2
     o  
         Displays information about your own pending, running and
         suspended jobs. Groups information by job
.sp 2
     o  
         CPU time is not normalized
.sp 2
     o  
         Searches the event log file currently used by the LSF
         system:
         $LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir/lsb.events (see
         lsb.events(5))
.sp 2
     o  
         Displays events occurring in the past week, but this can
         be changed by setting the environment variable
         LSB_BHIST_HOURS to an alternative number of hours
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-a\fR
.br
               Displays information about both finished and
               unfinished jobs.
.sp 2
               This option overrides -d, -p, -s, and -r.
.sp 2
   \fB-b\fR
.br
               Brief format.
.sp 2
   \fB-d\fR
.br
               Only displays information about finished jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-e\fR
.br
               Only displays information about exited jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-l \fR
.br
               Long format.
.sp 2
               If the job was submitted bsub -K, the -l option
               displays \fRSynchronous execution\fR.
.sp 2
               If you submitted a job using the OR (||)
               expression to specify alternative resources, this
               option displays the successful Execution rusage
               string with which the job ran.
.sp 2
               If you submitted a job with multiple resource
               requirement strings using the bsub -R option for
               the order, same, rusage, and select sections,
               bhist -l displays a single, merged resource
               requirement string for those sections, as if they
               were submitted using a single -R.
.sp 2
               Long format includes information about:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     Job exit codes.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     Job exceptions (for example, if a job's
                     runtime exceeds the runtime estimate, a job
                     exception of \fRruntime_est_exceeded\fR
                     displays)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     Resizable job information
.sp 2
                 o  
                     SSH X11 forwarding information (-XF)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     Changes to pending jobs as a result of the
                     following bmod options:
.sp 2
                       o  
                           Absolute priority scheduling (-aps |
                           -apsn)
.sp 2
                       o  
                           Runtime estimate (-We | -Wen)
.sp 2
                       o  
                           Post-execution command (-Ep | -Epn)
.sp 2
                       o  
                           User limits (-ul | -uln)
.sp 2
                       o  
                           Current working directory (-cwd |
                           -cwdn)
.sp 2
                       o  
                           Checkpoint options (-k | -kn)
.sp 2
                       o  
                           Migration threshold (-mig | -mign)
.sp 2
                       o  
                           Autoreszizable job attribute (-ar |
                           -arn)
.sp 2
                       o  
                           Job resize notification command (-rnc
                           | -rncn)
.sp 2
                       o  
                           Job description (-Jd | -Jdn)
.sp 2
   \fB-p \fR
.br
               Only displays information about pending jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-r \fR
.br
               Only displays information about running jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-s\fR
.br
               Only displays information about suspended jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-t \fR
.br
               Displays job events chronologically.
.sp 2
               By default only displays records from the last
               week. For different time periods use -t with the
               -T option.
.sp 2
   \fB-w\fR
.br
               Wide format. Displays the information in a wide
               format.
.sp 2
   \fB-C \fIstart_time\fB,\fIend_time\fB \fR
.br
               Only displays jobs that completed or exited during
               the specified time interval. Specify the span of
               time for which you want to display the history. If
               you do not specify a start time, the start time is
               assumed to be the time of the first occurrence. If
               you do not specify an end time, the end time is
               assumed to be now.
.sp 2
               Specify the times in the format
               "\fRyyyy/mm/dd/HH:MM\fR". Do not specify spaces in
               the time interval string.
.sp 2
               The time interval can be specified in many ways.
.sp 2
   \fB-D \fIstart_time\fB,\fIend_time\fB \fR
.br
               Only displays jobs dispatched during the specified
               time interval. Specify the span of time for which
               you want to display the history. If you do not
               specify a start time, the start time is assumed to
               be the time of the first occurrence. If you do not
               specify an end time, the end time is assumed to be
               now.
.sp 2
               Specify the times in the format
               "\fRyyyy/mm/dd/HH:MM\fR". Do not specify spaces in
               the time interval string.
.sp 2
               The time interval can be specified in many ways.
.sp 2
   \fB-G \fIuser_group\fB \fR
.br
               Only displays jobs associated with a user group
               submitted with bsub -G for the specified user
               group. The –G option does not display jobs from
               subgroups within the specified user group.
.sp 2
               The -G option cannot be used together with the -u
               option. You can only specify a user group name.
               The keyword all is not supported for -G.
.sp 2
   \fB-S \fIstart_time\fB,\fIend_time\fB\fR
.br
               Only displays information about jobs submitted
               during the specified time interval. Specify the
               span of time for which you want to display the
               history. If you do not specify a start time, the
               start time is assumed to be the time of the first
               occurrence. If you do not specify an end time, the
               end time is assumed to be now.
.sp 2
               Specify the times in the format
               "\fRyyyy/mm/dd/HH:MM\fR". Do not specify spaces in
               the time interval string.
.sp 2
               The time interval can be specified in many ways.
.sp 2
   \fB-T \fIstart_time\fB,\fIend_time\fB\fR
.br
               Used together with -t.
.sp 2
               Only displays information about job events within
               the specified time interval. Specify the span of
               time for which you want to display the history. If
               you do not specify a start time, the start time is
               assumed to be the time of the first occurrence. If
               you do not specify an end time, the end time is
               assumed to be now.
.sp 2
               Specify the times in the format
               \fRyyyy/mm/dd/HH:MM\fR. Do not specify spaces in
               the time interval string.
.sp 2
               The time interval can be specified in many ways.
.sp 2
   \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB \fR
.br
               Searches the specified event log. Specify either
               an absolute or a relative path.
.sp 2
               Useful for analysis directly on the file.
.sp 2
               The specified file path can contain up to 4094
               characters for UNIX, or up to 255 characters for
               Windows.
.sp 2
   \fB-J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
               Only displays the jobs that have the specified job
               name.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB-Jd "\fIjob_description\fB"\fR
.br
               Only displays the jobs that have the specified job
               description.
.sp 2
               The job description can be up to 4094 characters
               long. Job descriptions are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job description.
.sp 2
   \fB-Lp \fIls_project_name\fB \fR
.br
               Only displays information about jobs belonging to
               the specified License Scheduler project.
.sp 2
   \fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB" ...\fR
.br
               Only displays jobs dispatched to the specified
               host.
.sp 2
   \fB-n \fInumber_logfiles\fB | -n 0\fR
.br
               Searches the specified number of event logs,
               starting with the current event log and working
               through the most recent consecutively numbered
               logs. The maximum number of logs you can search is
               100. Specify 0 to specify all the event log files
               in $(LSB_SHAREDIR)/\fIcluster_name\fR/logdir (up
               to a maximum of 100 files).
.sp 2
               If you delete a file, you break the consecutive
               numbering, and older files are inaccessible to
               bhist.
.sp 2
               For example, if you specify 3, LSF searches
               lsb.events, lsb.events.1, and lsb.events.2. If you
               specify 4, LSF searches lsb.events, lsb.events.1,
               lsb.events.2, and lsb.events.3. However, if
               lsb.events.2 is missing, both searches include
               only lsb.events and lsb.events.1.
.sp 2
   \fB-N \fIhost_name\fB | -N \fIhost_model\fB | -N
   \fIcpu_factor\fB\fR
.br
               Normalizes CPU time by the specified CPU factor,
               or by the CPU factor of the specified host or host
               model.
.sp 2
               If you use bhist directly on an event log, you
               must specify a CPU factor.
.sp 2
               Use lsinfo to get host model and CPU factor
               information.
.sp 2
   \fB-P \fIproject_name\fB \fR
.br
               Only displays information about jobs belonging to
               the specified project.
.sp 2
   \fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB \fR
.br
               Only displays information about jobs submitted to
               the specified queue.
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u all \fR
.br
               Displays information about jobs submitted by the
               specified user, or by all users if the keyword all
               is specified. To specify a Windows user account,
               include the domain name in uppercase letters and
               use a single back slash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a Windows
               command line or a double back slash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a UNIX
               command line.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]"\fR
.br
               Searches all event log files and only displays
               information about the specified jobs. If you
               specify a job array, displays all elements
               chronologically.
.sp 2
               This option overrides all other options except -J,
               -Jd, -N, -h, and -V. When it is used with -J, only
               those jobs listed here that have the specified job
               name are displayed. When it is used with -Jd, only
               those jobs listed here that have the specified job
               description are displayed.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Default format"
\fBOutput: Default format\fR
.sp 2
   Statistics of the amount of time that a job has spent in
   various states:
.sp 2
   \fBPEND\fR
.br
               The total waiting time excluding user suspended
               time before the job is dispatched.
.sp 2
   \fBPSUSP\fR
.br
               The total user suspended time of a pending job.
.sp 2
   \fBRUN\fR
.br
               The total run time of the job.
.sp 2
   \fBUSUSP\fR
.br
               The total user suspended time after the job is
               dispatched.
.sp 2
   \fBSSUSP \fR
.br
               The total system suspended time after the job is
               dispatched.
.sp 2
   \fBUNKWN \fR
.br
               The total unknown time of the job (job status
               becomes unknown if sbatchd on the execution host
               is temporarily unreachable).
.sp 2
   \fBTOTAL\fR
.br
               The total time that the job has spent in all
               states; for a finished job, it is the turnaround
               time (that is, the time interval from job
               submission to job completion).
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Long format (-l)"
\fBOutput: Long format (-l)\fR
.sp 2
   The \fR-l\fR option displays a long format listing with the
   following additional fields:
.sp 2
   \fBProject\fR
.br
               The project the job was submitted from.
.sp 2
   \fBApplication Profile\fR
.br
               The application profile the job was submitted to.
.sp 2
   \fBCommand \fR
.br
               The job command.
.sp 2
               Detailed history includes job group modification,
               the date and time the job was forwarded and the
               name of the cluster to which the job was
               forwarded.
.sp 2
               The displayed job command can contain up to 4094
               characters for UNIX, or up to 255 characters for
               Windows.
.sp 2
   \fBInitial checkpoint period\fR
.br
               The initial checkpoint period specified at the job
               level, by bsub -k, or in an application profile
               with CHKPNT_INITPERIOD.
.sp 2
   \fBCheckpoint period\fR
.br
               The checkpoint period specified at the job level,
               by bsub -k, in the queue with CHKPNT, or in an
               application profile with CHKPNT_PERIOD.
.sp 2
   \fBCheckpoint directory\fR
.br
               The checkpoint directory specified at the job
               level, by bsub -k, in the queue with CHKPNT, or in
               an application profile with CHKPNT_DIR.
.sp 2
   \fBMigration threshold\fR
.br
               The migration threshold specified at the job
               level, by bsub -mig.
.sp 2
   \fBResizable job information\fR
.br
                 o  
                     For JOB_NEW events, bhist displays the auto
                     resizable attribute and resize notification
                     command in the submission line.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     For JOB_MODIFY2 events (bmod), bhist
                     displays the auto resizable attribute and
                     resize notification command in the
                     submission line.
.sp 2
                       o  
                           bmod -arn \fIjobID\fR:
.sp 2
                           Parameters of Job are changed: Autoresizable attribute is removed;
.sp 2
                       o  
                           bmod -ar \fIjobID\fR:
.sp 2
                           Parameters of Job are changed: Job changes to autoresizable;
.sp 2
                       o  
                           bmod -rnc
                           \fIresize_notification_cmd\fR
                           \fIjobID\fR:
.sp 2
                           Parameters of Job are changed: Resize notification command changes to: <resize_notification_cmd>;
.sp 2
                       o  
                           bmod -rncn \fIjobID\fR:
.sp 2
                           Parameters of Job are changed: Resize notification command is removed;
.sp 2
                 o  
                     For JOB_RESIZE_NOTIFY_START event, bhist
                     displays:
.sp 2
                     Additional allocation on <num_hosts> Hosts/Processors <host_list>
.sp 2
                 o  
                     For JOB_RESIZE_NOTIFY_ACCEPT event, bhist
                     displays the following:
.sp 2
                       o  
                           If the notification command is
                           configured and sbatchd successfully
                           initializes notification command.
                           bhist displays
.sp 2
                           Resize notification accepted. Notification command initialized (Command PID: 123456)
.sp 2
                       o  
                           If a notification command is not
                           defined, bhist displays
.sp 2
                           Resize notification accepted
.sp 2
                       o  
                           If sbatchd reports failure for
                           whatever reason, bhist displays
.sp 2
                           Resize notification failed
.sp 2
                 o  
                     For JOB_RESIZE_NOTIFY_DONE event, bhist
                     displays the following:
.sp 2
                       o  
                           \fRResize notification command
                           completed\fR if status is 0
.sp 2
                       o  
                           \fRResize notification command
                           failed\fR if status is 1
.sp 2
                 o  
                     For JOB_RESIZE_RELEASE event, bhist displays
.sp 2
                     Release allocation on <num_hosts> Hosts/Processors <host_list> by user or administrator <user_name>, Resize notification command: <command_line>, Cancel pending allocation request;
.sp 2
                     For bmod -rncn, bhist displays
.sp 2
                     Resize notification command disabled 
.sp 2
                 o  
                     For JOB_RESIZE_CANCEL event, bhist displays
.sp 2
                     Cancel pending allocation request
.sp 2
   \fBSynchronous execution\fR
.br
               Job was submitted with the -K option. LSF submits
               the job and waits for the job to complete.
.sp 2
   \fBInteractive jobs\fR
.br
               For interactive jobs, bhist -l does NOT display
               information about a job’s execution home, cwd, or
               running PID.
.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   Reads \fRlsb.events\fR
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsb.events, bgadd, bgdel, bjgroup, bsub, bjobs, lsinfo
.sp 2 .SH "Time interval format"
\fBTime interval format\fR
.sp 2
   You use the time interval to define a start and end time for
   collecting the data to be retrieved and displayed. While you
   can specify both a start and an end time, you can also let one
   of the values default. You can specify either of the times as
   an absolute time, by specifying the date or time, or you can
   specify them relative to the current time.
.sp 2
   Specify the time interval is follows:
.sp 2
   \fIstart_time\fR,\fIend_time\fR|\fIstart_time\fR,|,\fIend_time\fR|\fIstart_time\fR
.sp 2
   Specify \fIstart_time\fR or \fIend_time\fR in the following
   format:
.sp 2
   [\fIyear\fR/][\fImonth\fR/][\fIday\fR][/\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR|/\fIhour\fR:]|.|.-\fIrelative_int\fR
.sp 2
   Where:
.sp 2
     o  
         \fIyear\fR is a four-digit number representing the
         calendar year.
.sp 2
     o  
         \fImonth\fR is a number from 1 to 12, where 1 is January
         and 12 is December.
.sp 2
     o  
         \fIday\fR is a number from 1 to 31, representing the day
         of the month.
.sp 2
     o  
         \fIhour\fR is an integer from 0 to 23, representing the
         hour of the day on a 24-hour clock.
.sp 2
     o  
         \fIminute\fR is an integer from 0 to 59, representing
         the minute of the hour.
.sp 2
     o  
         . (period) represents the current month/day/hour:minute.
.sp 2
     o  
         .-\fIrelative_int\fR is a number, from 1 to 31,
         specifying a relative start or end time prior to now.
.sp 2
         \fBstart_time,end_time\fR
.br
                     Specifies both the start and end times of
                     the interval.
.sp 2
         \fBstart_time,\fR
.br
                     Specifies a start time, and lets the end
                     time default to now.
.sp 2
         \fB,end_time\fR
.br
                     Specifies to start with the first logged
                     occurrence, and end at the time specified.
.sp 2
         \fBstart_time\fR
.br
                     Starts at the beginning of the most specific
                     time period specified, and ends at the
                     maximum value of the time period specified.
                     For example, \fR2/ \fRspecifies the month of
                     February—start February 1 at 00:00 a.m. and
                     end at the last possible minute in February:
                     February 28th at midnight.
.sp 2 .SH "Absolute time examples"
\fBAbsolute time examples\fR
.sp 2
   Assume the current time is May 9 17:06 2008:
.sp 2
   1,8 = May 1 00:00 2008 to May 8 23:59 2008
.sp 2
   ,4 = the time of the first occurrence to May 4 23:59 2008
.sp 2
   6 = May 6 00:00 2008 to May 6 23:59 2008
.sp 2
   2/ = Feb 1 00:00 2008 to Feb 28 23:59 2008
.sp 2
   /12: = May 9 12:00 2008 to May 9 12:59 2008
.sp 2
   2/1 = Feb 1 00:00 2008 to Feb 1 23:59 2008
.sp 2
   2/1, = Feb 1 00:00 to the current time
.sp 2
   ,. = the time of the first occurrence to the current time
.sp 2
   ,2/10: = the time of the first occurrence to May 2 10:59 2008
.sp 2
   2001/12/31,2008/5/1 = from Dec 31, 2001 00:00:00 to May 1st
   2008 23:59:59
.sp 2 .SH "Relative time examples"
\fBRelative time examples\fR
.sp 2
   .-9, = April 30 17:06 2008 to the current time
.sp 2
   ,.-2/ = the time of the first occurrence to Mar 7 17:06 2008
.sp 2
   .-9,.-2 = nine days ago to two days ago (April 30 17:06 2008
   to May 7 17:06 2008)
.sp 2
