
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bhosts 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbhosts\fR
.sp 2
   displays hosts and their static and dynamic resources
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bhosts [-e | -l | -w] [-x] [-X] [-R "res_req"] [host_name |
host_group | compute_unit] ...
.sp 2
bhosts [-e | -l | -w] [-X] [-R "res_req"] [cluster_name]
.sp 2
bhosts [-e ] -s [resource_name ...]
.sp 2
bhosts [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   By default, returns the following information about all hosts:
   host name, host status, job state statistics, and job slot
   limits.
.sp 2
   bhosts displays output for condensed host groups and compute
   units. These host groups and compute units are defined by
   CONDENSE in the HostGroup and ComputeUnit sectiosn of
   lsb.hosts. Condensed host groups and compute units are
   displayed as a single entry with the name as defined by
   GROUP_NAME or NAME in lsb.hosts.
.sp 2
   When LSF adds more resources to a running resizable job,
   bhosts displays the added resources. When LSF removes
   resources from a running resizable job, bhosts displays the
   updated resources.
.sp 2
   The -l and -X options display uncondensed output.
.sp 2
   The -s option displays information about the numeric resources
   (shared or host-based) and their associated hosts.
.sp 2
   With MultiCluster, displays the information about hosts
   available to the local cluster. Use -e to view information
   about exported hosts.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-e\fR
.br
               MultiCluster only. Displays information about
               resources that have been exported to another
               cluster.
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               Displays host information in a (long) multi-line
               format. In addition to the default fields,
               displays information about the CPU factor, the
               current load, and the load thresholds.
.sp 2
               Also displays information about the dispatch
               windows.
.sp 2
               If you specified an administrator comment with the
               -C option of the host control commands hclose or
               hopen, -l displays the comment text.
.sp 2
   \fB-w\fR
.br
               Displays host information in wide format. Fields
               are displayed without truncation.
.sp 2
               For condensed host groups and compute units , the
               -w option displays the overall status and the
               number of hosts with the \fRok\fR, \fRunavail\fR,
               \fRunreach\fR, and \fRbusy\fR status in the
               following format:
.sp 2
               \fIhost_group_status\fR
               \fInum_ok\fR/\fInum_unavail\fR/\fInum_unreach\fR/\fInum_busy\fR
.sp 2
               where
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhost_group_status\fR is the overall
                     status of the host group or compute unit. If
                     a single host in the group or unit is
                     \fRok\fR, the overall status is also
                     \fRok\fR.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fInum_ok\fR, \fInum_unavail\fR,
                     \fInum_unreach\fR, and \fInum_busy\fR are
                     the number of hosts that are \fRok\fR,
                     \fRunavail\fR, \fRunreach\fR, and
                     \fRbusy\fR, respectively.
.sp 2
               For example, if there are five \fRok\fR, two
               \fRunavail\fR, one \fRunreach\fR, and three
               \fRbusy\fR hosts in a condensed host group
               \fRhg1\fR, its status is displayed as the
               following:
.sp 2
               hg1 ok 5/2/1/3
.sp 2
               If any hosts in the host group or compute unit are
               closed, the status for the host group is displayed
               as closed, with no status for the other states:
.sp 2
               hg1 closed
.sp 2
   \fB-x\fR
.br
               Display hosts whose job exit rate has exceeded the
               threshold configured by EXIT_RATE in lsb.hosts for
               longer than JOB_EXIT_RATE_DURATION configured in
               lsb.params, and are still high. By default, these
               hosts are closed the next time LSF checks host
               exceptions and invokes eadmin.
.sp 2
               Use with the -l option to show detailed
               information about host exceptions.
.sp 2
               If no hosts exceed the job exit rate, bhosts -x
               displays:
.sp 2
               There is no exceptional host found
.sp 2
   \fB-X\fR
.br
               Displays uncondensed output for host groups and
               compute units.
.sp 2
   \fB-R "\fIres_req\fB"\fR
.br
               Only displays information about hosts that satisfy
               the resource requirement expression. For more
               information about resource requirements, see
               Administering Platform LSF. The size of the
               resource requirement string is limited to 512
               bytes.
.sp 2
               LSF supports ordering of resource requirements on
               all load indices, including external load indices,
               either static or dynamic.
.sp 2
   \fB-s [\fIresource_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
               Displays information about the specified resources
               (shared or host-based). The resources must have
               numeric values. Returns the following information:
               the resource names, the total and reserved
               amounts, and the resource locations.
.sp 2
               bhosts -s only shows consumable resources.
.sp 2
               When LOCAL_TO is configured for a license feature
               in lsf.licensescheduler, bhosts -s shows different
               resource information depending on the cluster
               locality of the features. For example:
.sp 2
               From clusterA:
.sp 2
               bhosts -s RESOURCE                 TOTAL       RESERVED       LOCATIONhspice                   36.0        0.0            host1
.sp 2
               From clusterB in siteB:
.sp 2
               bhosts -s RESOURCE                 TOTAL       RESERVED       LOCATIONhspice                   76.0        0.0            host2
.sp 2
   \fB\fIhost_name\fB ... | \fIhost_group\fB ... | \fIcompute
   unit\fB ...\fR
.br
               Only displays information about the specified
               hosts. Do not use quotes when specifying multiple
               hosts.
.sp 2
               For host groups and compute units, the names of
               the member hosts are displayed instead of the name
               of the host group or compute unit. Do not use
               quotes when specifying multiple host groups or
               compute units.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIcluster_name\fB\fR
.br
               MultiCluster only. Displays information about
               hosts in the specified cluster.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Host-Based Default"
\fBOutput: Host-Based Default\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBHOST_NAME \fR
.br
               The name of the host. If a host has batch jobs
               running and the host is removed from the
               configuration, the host name is displayed as
               lost_and_found.
.sp 2
               For condensed host groups, this is the name of
               host group.
.sp 2
   \fBSTATUS\fR
.br
               With MultiCluster, not shown for fully exported
               hosts.
.sp 2
               The current status of the host and the sbatchd
               daemon. Batch jobs can only be dispatched to hosts
               with an \fRok\fR status. The possible values for
               host status are as follows:
.sp 2
               \fBok \fR
.br
                           The host is available to accept batch
                           jobs.
.sp 2
                           For condensed host groups, if a single
                           host in the host group is \fRok\fR,
                           the overall status is also shown as
                           \fRok\fR.
.sp 2
                           If any host in the host group or
                           compute unit is not ok, bhosts
                           displays the first host status it
                           encounters as the overall status for
                           the condensed host group. Use bhosts
                           -X to see the status of individual
                           hosts in the host group or compute
                           unit.
.sp 2
               \fBunavail \fR
.br
                           The host is down, or LIM and sbatchd
                           on the host are unreachable.
.sp 2
               \fBunreach \fR
.br
                           LIM on the host is running but sbatchd
                           is unreachable.
.sp 2
               \fBclosed \fR
.br
                           The host is not allowed to accept any
                           remote batch jobs. There are several
                           reasons for the host to be closed (see
                           Host-Based -l Options).
.sp 2
               \fBunlicensed\fR
.br
                           The host does not have a valid LSF
                           license.
.sp 2
               \fBclosed_Cu_excl\fR
.br
                           This host is a member of a compute
                           unit running an exclusive compute unit
                           job.
.sp 2
   \fBJL/U\fR
.br
               With MultiCluster, not shown for fully exported
               hosts.
.sp 2
               The maximum number of job slots that the host can
               process on a per user basis. If a dash (-) is
               displayed, there is no limit.
.sp 2
               For condensed host groups or compute units, this
               is the total number of job slots that all hosts in
               the group or unit can process on a per user basis.
.sp 2
               The host does not allocate more than JL/U job
               slots for one user at the same time. These job
               slots are used by running jobs, as well as by
               suspended or pending jobs that have slots reserved
               for them.
.sp 2
               For preemptive scheduling, the accounting is
               different. These job slots are used by running
               jobs and by pending jobs that have slots reserved
               for them (see the description of PREEMPTIVE in
               lsb.queues(5) and JL/U in lsb.hosts(5)).
.sp 2
   \fBMAX\fR
.br
               The maximum number of job slots available. If a
               dash (-) is displayed, there is no limit.
.sp 2
               For condensed host groups and compute units, this
               is the total maximum number of job slots available
               in all hosts in the host group or compute unit.
.sp 2
               These job slots are used by running jobs, as well
               as by suspended or pending jobs that have slots
               reserved for them.
.sp 2
               If preemptive scheduling is used, suspended jobs
               are not counted (see the description of PREEMPTIVE
               in lsb.queues(5) and MXJ in lsb.hosts(5)).
.sp 2
               A host does not always have to allocate this many
               job slots if there are waiting jobs; the host must
               also satisfy its configured load conditions to
               accept more jobs.
.sp 2
   \fBNJOBS \fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by jobs dispatched to
               the host. This includes running, suspended, and
               chunk jobs.
.sp 2
               For condensed host groups and compute units, this
               is the total number of job slots used by jobs
               dispatched to any host in the host group or
               compute unit.
.sp 2
   \fBRUN\fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by jobs running on
               the host.
.sp 2
               For condensed host groups and compute units, this
               is the total number of job slots used by jobs
               running on any host in the host group or compute
               unit.
.sp 2
   \fBSSUSP \fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by system suspended
               jobs on the host.
.sp 2
               For condensed host groups and compute units, this
               is the total number of job slots used by system
               suspended jobs on any host in the host group or
               compute unit.
.sp 2
   \fBUSUSP\fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by user suspended
               jobs on the host. Jobs can be suspended by the
               user or by the LSF administrator.
.sp 2
               For condensed host groups and compute units, this
               is the total number of job slots used by user
               suspended jobs on any host in the host group or
               compute unit.
.sp 2
   \fBRSV\fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by pending jobs that
               have jobs slots reserved on the host.
.sp 2
               For condensed host groups and compute units, this
               is the total number of job slots used by pending
               jobs that have job slots reserved on any host in
               the host group or compute unit.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Host-Based -l Option"
\fBOutput: Host-Based -l Option\fR
.sp 2
   In addition to the above fields, the -l option also displays
   the following:
.sp 2
   \fBloadSched, loadStop\fR
.br
               The scheduling and suspending thresholds for the
               host. If a threshold is not defined, the threshold
               from the queue definition applies. If both the
               host and the queue define a threshold for a load
               index, the most restrictive threshold is used.
.sp 2
               The migration threshold is the time that a job
               dispatched to this host can remain suspended by
               the system before LSF attempts to migrate the job
               to another host.
.sp 2
               If the host’s operating system supports checkpoint
               copy, this is indicated here. With checkpoint
               copy, the operating system automatically copies
               all open files to the checkpoint directory when a
               process is checkpointed. Checkpoint copy is
               currently supported only on Cray systems.
.sp 2
   \fBSTATUS\fR
.br
               The long format shown by the -l option gives the
               possible reasons for a host to be closed:
.sp 2
               \fBclosed_Adm \fR
.br
                           The host is closed by the LSF
                           administrator or root (see badmin(8)).
                           No job can be dispatched to the host,
                           but jobs that are executing on the
                           host are not affected.
.sp 2
               \fBclosed_Lock \fR
.br
                           The host is locked by the LSF
                           administrator or root (see
                           lsadmin(8)). All batch jobs on the
                           host are suspended by LSF.
.sp 2
               \fBclosed_Wind \fR
.br
                           The host is closed by its dispatch
                           windows, which are defined in the
                           configuration file lsb.hosts(5). Jobs
                           already started are not affected by
                           the dispatch windows.
.sp 2
               \fBclosed_Full \fR
.br
                           The configured maximum number of batch
                           job slots on the host has been reached
                           (see MAX field below).
.sp 2
               \fBclosed_Excl \fR
.br
                           The host is currently running an
                           exclusive job.
.sp 2
               \fBclosed_Cu_Excl \fR
.br
                           This host is a member of a compute
                           unit running an exclusive compute unit
                           job.
.sp 2
               \fBclosed_Busy \fR
.br
                           The host is overloaded, because some
                           load indices go beyond the configured
                           thresholds (see lsb.hosts(5)). The
                           displayed thresholds that cause the
                           host to be busy are preceded by an
                           asterisk (*).
.sp 2
               \fBclosed_LIM\fR
.br
                           LIM on the host is unreachable, but
                           sbatchd is ok.
.sp 2
               \fBclosed_EGO\fR
.br
                           For EGO-enabled SLA scheduling, host
                           is closed because it has not been
                           allocated by EGO to run LSF jobs.
                           Hosts allocated from EGO display
                           status ok.
.sp 2
   \fBCPUF\fR
.br
               Displays the CPU normalization factor of the host
               (see lshosts(1)).
.sp 2
   \fBDISPATCH_WINDOW\fR
.br
               Displays the dispatch windows for each host.
               Dispatch windows are the time windows during the
               week when batch jobs can be run on each host. Jobs
               already started are not affected by the dispatch
               windows. When the dispatch windows close, jobs are
               not suspended. Jobs already running continue to
               run, but no new jobs are started until the windows
               reopen. The default for the dispatch window is no
               restriction or always open (that is, twenty-four
               hours a day and seven days a week). For the
               dispatch window specification, see the description
               for the DISPATCH_WINDOWS keyword under the
               \fR-l\fR option in \fRbqueues(1)\fR.
.sp 2
   \fBCURRENT LOAD\fR
.br
               Displays the total and reserved host load.
.sp 2
               \fBReserved\fR
.br
                           You specify reserved resources by
                           using bsub -R. These resources are
                           reserved by jobs running on the host.
.sp 2
               \fBTotal\fR
.br
                           The total load has different meanings
                           depending on whether the load index is
                           increasing or decreasing.
.sp 2
                           For increasing load indices, such as
                           run queue lengths, CPU utilization,
                           paging activity, logins, and disk I/O,
                           the total load is the consumed plus
                           the reserved amount. The total load is
                           calculated as the sum of the current
                           load and the reserved load. The
                           current load is the load seen by
                           lsload(1).
.sp 2
                           For decreasing load indices, such as
                           available memory, idle time, available
                           swap space, and available space in
                           tmp, the total load is the available
                           amount. The total load is the
                           difference between the current load
                           and the reserved load. This difference
                           is the available resource as seen by
                           lsload(1).
.sp 2
   \fBLOAD THRESHOLD\fR
.br
               Displays the scheduling threshold \fRloadSched
               \fRand the suspending threshold \fRloadStop\fR.
               Also displays the migration threshold if defined
               and the checkpoint support if the host supports
               checkpointing.
.sp 2
               The format for the thresholds is the same as for
               batch job queues (see bqueues(1)) and
               lsb.queues(5)). For an explanation of the
               thresholds and load indices, see the description
               for the "QUEUE SCHEDULING PARAMETERS" keyword
               under the -l option in bqueues(1).
.sp 2
   \fBTHRESHOLD AND LOAD USED FOR EXCEPTIONS\fR
.br
               Displays the configured threshold of EXIT_RATE for
               the host and its current load value for host
               exceptions.
.sp 2
   \fBADMIN ACTION COMMENT\fR
.br
               If the LSF administrator specified an
               administrator comment with the -C option of the
               badmin host control commands hclose or hopen, the
               comment text is displayed.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Resource-Based -s Option"
\fBOutput: Resource-Based -s Option\fR
.sp 2
   The -s option displays the following: the amounts used for
   scheduling, the amounts reserved, and the associated hosts for
   the resources. Only resources (shared or host-based) with
   numeric values are displayed. See \fRlim(8)\fR, and
   lsf.cluster(5) on how to configure shared resources.
.sp 2
   The following fields are displayed:
.sp 2
   \fBRESOURCE\fR
.br
               The name of the resource.
.sp 2
   \fBTOTAL\fR
.br
               The total amount free of a resource used for
               scheduling.
.sp 2
   \fBRESERVED\fR
.br
               The amount reserved by jobs. You specify the
               reserved resource using \fRbsub -R\fR.
.sp 2
   \fBLOCATION\fR
.br
               The hosts that are associated with the resource.
.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   Reads lsb.hosts.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsb.hosts, bqueues, lshosts, badmin, lsadmin
