
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bhpart 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbhpart\fR
.sp 2
   displays information about host partitions
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bhpart [-r] [host_partition_name ...]
.sp 2
bhpart [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   By default, displays information about all host partitions.
   Host partitions are used to configure host-partition fairshare
   scheduling.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-r \fR
.br
               Displays the entire information tree associated
               with the host partition recursively.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIhost_partition_name ... \fB\fR
.br
               Displays information about the specified host
               partitions only.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   The following fields are displayed for each host partition:
.sp 2
   \fBHOST_PARTITION_NAME \fR
.br
               Name of the host partition.
.sp 2
   \fBHOSTS \fR
.br
               Hosts or host groups that are members of the host
               partition. The name of a host group is appended by
               a slash (\fR/\fR) (see bmgroup(1)).
.sp 2
   \fBUSER/GROUP\fR
.br
               Name of users or user groups who have access to
               the host partition (see bugroup(1)).
.sp 2
   \fBSHARES \fR
.br
               Number of shares of resources assigned to each
               user or user group in this host partition, as
               configured in the file lsb.hosts. The shares
               affect dynamic user priority for when fairshare
               scheduling is configured at the host level.
.sp 2
   \fBPRIORITY \fR
.br
               Dynamic user priority for the user or user group.
               Larger values represent higher priorities. Jobs
               belonging to the user or user group with the
               highest priority are considered first for
               dispatch.
.sp 2
               In general, users or user groups with larger
               SHARES, fewer STARTED and RESERVED, and a lower
               CPU_TIME and RUN_TIME have higher PRIORITY.
.sp 2
   \fBSTARTED \fR
.br
               Number of job slots used by running or suspended
               jobs owned by users or user groups in the host
               partition.
.sp 2
   \fBRESERVED \fR
.br
               Number of job slots reserved by the jobs owned by
               users or user groups in the host partition.
.sp 2
   \fBCPU_TIME \fR
.br
               Cumulative CPU time used by jobs of users or user
               groups executed in the host partition. Measured in
               seconds, to one decimal place.
.sp 2
               LSF calculates the cumulative CPU time using the
               actual (not normalized) CPU time and a decay
               factor such that 1 hour of recently-used CPU time
               decays to 0.1 hours after an interval of time
               specified by HIST_HOURS in lsb.params (5 hours by
               default).
.sp 2
   \fBRUN_TIME \fR
.br
               Wall-clock run time plus historical run time of
               jobs of users or user groups that are executed in
               the host partition. Measured in seconds.
.sp 2
               LSF calculates the historical run time using the
               actual run time of finished jobs and a decay
               factor such that 1 hour of recently-used run time
               decays to 0.1 hours after an interval of time
               specified by HIST_HOURS in lsb.params (5 hours by
               default). Wall-clock run time is the run time of
               running jobs.
.sp 2
   \fBADJUST \fR
.br
               Dynamic priority calculation adjustment made by
               the user-defined fairshare
               plugin(libfairshareadjust.*).
.sp 2
               The fairshare adjustment is enabled and weighted
               by the parameter \fBFAIRSHARE_ADJUSTMENT_FACTOR\fR
               in lsb.params.
.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   Reads lsb.hosts.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bugroup(1), bmgroup(1), lsb.hosts(5)
.sp 2
