
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bjdepinfo 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbjdepinfo\fR
.sp 2
   Displays job dependencies.
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bjdepinfo [-r level] [-l] [-p] job_ID | "job_ID[index]"
.sp 2
bjdepinfo -c [-r level] job_ID | "job_ID[index]"
.sp 2
bjdepinfo [-h] [-V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   The command bjdepinfo allows you to display all or seleted job
   dependencies. You can get a list of other jobs that a job
   depends on (parent jobs) and jobs that depend on your job
   (child jobs).
.sp 2
      \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
         The parent-child relationship does not indicate that one
         or more jobs are spawned by other jobs. A job dependency
         is when the start of a job depends on the status of
         other jobs.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]" \fR
.br
               Required. Job ID of the job or job array on which
               to operate.
.sp 2
               If you specify only a job ID for a job array,
               information about all jobs in the array displays.
.sp 2
               Displays all jobs that this job depends on.
.sp 2
   \fB-r \fIlevel\fB\fR
.br
               When combined with -p, prints the parent jobs that
               cause the current job to pend recursively.
.sp 2
               When combined with -c, prints the child jobs that
               depend on the current job recursively.
.sp 2
               When combined with -l, prints detailed parent job
               dependency information recursively. When combined
               with -l and -p, prints detailed information about
               the parent jobs that cause the current job to pend
               recursively.
.sp 2
               In each case, you can specify the level using a
               positive integer. Level indicates the number of
               degrees of separation from the original job.
.sp 2
               For example, specify level 1 to see any jobs that
               directly depend on this job or that this job
               depends on. Specify level 2 if you also want to
               see all dependencies on the jobs that have a
               dependency on the originally specified job.
.sp 2
               If the job has been partially cleaned, an asterisk
               (*) displays before the status and the job name is
               unavailable (-).
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               For the job you specify, prints detailed parent
               job dependency information including the condition
               of the job and whether or not a job’s dependency
               requirements have been satisfied.
.sp 2
   \fB-p\fR
.br
               Prints the parent jobs that cause the current job
               to pend.
.sp 2
   \fB-c\fR
.br
               Prints any child jobs of the job you specify (as
               well as any dependencies they have).
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   \fBJOBID\fR
.br
               The job ID of the job with a parent or child
               dependency.
.sp 2
   \fBPARENT\fR
.br
               The job ID of the job that has other jobs
               depending on it.
.sp 2
   \fBCHILD\fR
.br
               The job ID of the job that depends on other jobs.
.sp 2
   \fBPARENT_STATUS\fR
.br
               The status of the parent job listed. If the job
               has been partially cleaned, an asterisk (*)
               displays before the status and the job name is
               unavailable (-).
.sp 2
   \fBCHILD_STATUS\fR
.br
               The status of the child job listed.
.sp 2
   \fBPARENT_NAME\fR
.br
               The name of the parent job listed. If the job has
               been partially cleaned, the job name is
               unavailable (-) and an asterisk (*) displays
               before the status.
.sp 2
   \fBCHILD_NAME\fR
.br
               The name of the child job listed.
.sp 2
   \fBLEVEL\fR
.br
               The degrees of separation of job dependencies. 1
               means a job is directly dependent; other numbers
               indicate the levels of indirect dependency.
