
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bjgroup 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbjgroup\fR
.sp 2
   displays information about job groups
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bjgroup [-N] [-s [group_name]]
.sp 2
bjgroup [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays job group information.
.sp 2
   When LSF adds more resources to a running resizable job,
   bjgroups displays the added resources. When LSF removes
   resources from a running resizable job, bjgroups displays the
   updated resources.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-s\fR
.br
               Sorts job groups by group hierarchy.
.sp 2
               For example, for job groups named \fR/A\fR,
               \fR/A/B\fR, \fR/X\fR and \fR/X/Y\fR, bjgroup
               without -s displays:
.sp 2
               bjgroup
.sp 2
               GROUP_NAME         NJOBS   PEND    RUN    SSUSP  USUSP  FINISH  SLA   JLIMIT  OWNER
.sp 2
               /A                 0       0       0      0      0      0       ()      0/10  user1
.sp 2
               /X                 0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/-  user2
.sp 2
               /A/B               0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/5  user1
.sp 2
               /X/Y               0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/5  user2
.sp 2
               For the same job groups, bjgroup -s displays:
.sp 2
               bjgroup -s
.sp 2
               GROUP_NAME         NJOBS   PEND    RUN    SSUSP  USUSP  FINISH  SLA   JLIMIT  OWNER
.sp 2
               /A                 0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/10  user1
.sp 2
               /A/B               0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/5  user1
.sp 2
               /X                 0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/-  user2
.sp 2
               /X/Y               0       0       0      0      0      0       ()       0/5  user2
.sp 2
               Specify a job group name to show the hierarchy of
               a single job group:
.sp 2
               bjgroup -s /X
.sp 2
               GROUP_NAME   NJOBS  PEND   RUN   SSUSP  USUSP  FINISH       SLA   JLIMIT  OWNER
.sp 2
               /X              25     0    25       0      0       0   puccini  25/100   user1
.sp 2
               /X/Y            20     0    20       0      0       0   puccini   20/30   user1
.sp 2
               /X/Z             5     0     5       0      0       0   puccini    5/10   user2
.sp 2
               Specify a job group name with a trailing slash
               character (/) to show only the root job group:
.sp 2
               bjgroup -s /X/
.sp 2
               GROUP_NAME   NJOBS  PEND   RUN   SSUSP  USUSP  FINISH      SLA   JLIMIT  OWNER
.sp 2
               /X               25    0    25       0      0       0   puccini  25/100  user1
.sp 2
   \fB-N \fR
.br
               Displays job group information by job slots
               instead of number of jobs. NSLOTS, PEND, RUN,
               SSUSP, USUSP, RSV are all counted in slots rather
               than number of jobs:
.sp 2
               bjgroup -N
.sp 2
               GROUP_NAME NSLOTS PEND   RUN   SSUSP  USUSP   RSV      SLA     OWNER
.sp 2
               /X             25    0    25       0      0     0  puccini     user1
.sp 2
               /A/B           20    0    20       0      0     0   wagner     batch
.sp 2
               -N by itself shows job slot info for all job
               groups, and can combine with -s to sort the job
               groups by hierarchy:
.sp 2
               bjgroup -N -s
.sp 2
               GROUP_NAME NSLOTS PEND   RUN   SSUSP   USUSP  RSV      SLA     OWNER
.sp 2
               /A              0    0     0       0       0    0   wagner      batch
.sp 2
               /A/B            0    0     0       0       0    0   wagner      user1
.sp 2
               /X             25    0    25       0       0    0   puccini     user1
.sp 2
               /X/Y           20    0    20       0       0    0   puccini     batch
.sp 2
               /X/Z            5     0    5       0       0    0   puccini     batch
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Default output"
\fBDefault output\fR
.sp 2
   A list of job groups is displayed with the following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBGROUP_NAME\fR
.br
               The name of the job group.
.sp 2
   \fBNJOBS\fR
.br
               The current number of jobs in the job group. A
               parallel job is counted as 1 job, regardless of
               the number of job slots it uses.
.sp 2
   \fBPEND\fR
.br
               The number of pending jobs in the job group.
.sp 2
   \fBRUN\fR
.br
               The number of running jobs in the job group.
.sp 2
   \fBSSUSP\fR
.br
               The number of system-suspended jobs in the job
               group.
.sp 2
   \fBUSUSP\fR
.br
               The number of user-suspended jobs in the job
               group.
.sp 2
   \fBFINISH\fR
.br
               The number of jobs in the specified job group in
               EXITED or DONE state.
.sp 2
   \fBSLA\fR
.br
               The name of the service class that the job group
               is attached to with bgadd -sla
               \fIservice_class_name\fR. If the job group is not
               attached to any service class, empty parentheses
               \fR()\fR are displayed in the SLA name column.
.sp 2
   \fBJLIMIT\fR
.br
               The job group limit set by bgadd -L or bgmod -L.
               Job groups that have no configured limits or no
               limit usage are indicated by a dash (\fR-\fR). Job
               group limits are displayed in a USED/LIMIT format.
               For example, if a limit of 5 jobs is configured
               and 1 job is started, bjgroup displays the job
               limit under JLIMIT as \fR1/5\fR.
.sp 2
   \fBOWNER\fR
.br
               The job group owner.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   bjgroup
.sp 2
   GROUP_NAME  NJOBS  PEND   RUN   SSUSP  USUSP  FINISH      SLA   JLIMIT  OWNER
.sp 2
   /fund1_grp      5     4     0       1      0      0   Venezia     1/5   user1
.sp 2
   /fund2_grp     11     2     5       0      0      4   Venezia     5/5   user1
.sp 2
   /bond_grp       2     2     0       0      0      0   Venezia     0/-   user2
.sp 2
   /risk_grp       2     1     1       0      0      0        ()     1/-   user2
.sp 2
   /admi_grp       4     4     0       0      0      0        ()     0/-   user2
.sp 2 .SH "Job slots (-N) output"
\fBJob slots (-N) output\fR
.sp 2
   NSLOTS, PEND, RUN, SSUSP, USUSP, RSV are all counted in slots
   rather than number of jobs. A list of job groups is displayed
   with the following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBGROUP_NAME\fR
.br
               The name of the job group.
.sp 2
   \fBNSLOTS\fR
.br
               The total number of job slots held currently by
               jobs in the job group. This includes pending,
               running, suspended and reserved job slots. A
               parallel job that is running on \fIn\fR processors
               is counted as \fIn\fR job slots, since it takes
               \fIn\fR job slots in the job group.
.sp 2
   \fBPEND\fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by pending jobs in
               the job group.
.sp 2
   \fBRUN\fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by running jobs in
               the job group.
.sp 2
   \fBSSUSP\fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by system-suspended
               jobs in the job group.
.sp 2
   \fBUSUSP\fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by user-suspended
               jobs in the job group.
.sp 2
   \fBRSV\fR
.br
               The number of job slots in the job group that are
               reserved by LSF for pending jobs.
.sp 2
   \fBSLA\fR
.br
               The name of the service class that the job group
               is attached to with bgadd -sla
               \fIservice_class_name\fR. If the job group is not
               attached to any service class, empty parentheses
               \fR()\fR are displayed in the SLA name column.
.sp 2
   \fBOWNER\fR
.br
               The job group owner.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   bjgroup -N
.sp 2
   GROUP_NAME NSLOTS PEND   RUN   SSUSP  USUSP   RSV      SLA     OWNER
.sp 2
   /X             25    0    25       0      0     0  puccini     user1
.sp 2
   /A/B           20    0    20       0      0     0   wagner     batch
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bgadd, bgdel, bgmod
.sp 2
