
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bjobs 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbjobs\fR
.sp 2
   displays information about LSF jobs
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bjobs [-A] [-a] [-d] [-p] [-s] [-r] [-W] [-w | -l | -aps] [-X]
[-x] [-app application_profile_name] [-g job_group_name] [-sla
service_class_name] [-J job_name] [-Jd "job_description"] [-Lp
ls_project_name] [-m "host_name ..." | -m host_group | -m
compute_unit | -m cluster_name] [-N host_name | -N host_model |
-N cpu_factor] [-P project_name] [-q queue_name] [-u user_name |
-u user_group | -u all | -G user_group] job_ID |
"job_ID[index_list]" ...
.sp 2
bjobs [-a] [-aps] [-d] [-p] [-s] [-r] [-WL] [-WP] [-WF] [-X] [-x]
[-app application_profile_name] [-g job_group_name] [-sla
service_class_name] [-J job_name] [-Jd "job_description"] [-Lp
ls_project_name] [-m "host_name ..." | -m host_group | -m
compute_unit | -m cluster_name] [-P project_name] [-q queue_name]
[-u user_name | -u user_group | -u all | -G user_group] job_ID |
"job_ID[index_list]" ...
.sp 2
bjobs [-a] [-w | -l] [-d] [-p] [-s] [-ss] [-r] [-X] [-x] [-app
application_profile_name] [-g job_group_name] [-sla
service_class_name] [-J job_name] [-Jd "job_description"] [-Lp
ls_project_name] [-m "host_name ..." | -m host_group | -m
compute_unit | -m cluster_name] [-P project_name] [-q queue_name]
[-u user_name | -u user_group | -u all | -G user_group] job_ID |
"job_ID[index_list]" ...
.sp 2
bjobs [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   By default, displays information about your own pending,
   running and suspended jobs.
.sp 2
   bjobs displays output for condensed host groups and compute
   units. These host groups and compute units are defined by
   CONDENSE in the \fRHostGroup\fR or \fRComputeUnit\fR section
   of lsb.hosts. These groups are displayed as a single entry
   with the name as defined by GROUP_NAME or NAME in lsb.hosts.
   The -l and -X options display uncondensed output.
.sp 2
   If you defined LSB_SHORT_HOSTLIST=1 in lsf.conf, parallel jobs
   running in the same condensed host group or compute unit are
   displayed as an abbreviated list.
.sp 2
   For resizable jobs, bjobs displays the autoresizable attribute
   and the resize notification command.
.sp 2
   To display older historical information, use bhist.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-A\fR
.br
               Displays summarized information about job arrays.
               If you specify job arrays with the job array ID,
               and also specify -A, do not include the index list
               with the job array ID.
.sp 2
               You can use -w to show the full array
               specification, if necessary.
.sp 2
   \fB-a\fR
.br
               Displays information about jobs in all states,
               including finished jobs that finished recently,
               within an interval specified by CLEAN_PERIOD in
               lsb.params (the default period is 1 hour).
.sp 2
               Use -a with -x option to display all jobs that
               have triggered a job exception (overrun, underrun,
               idle).
.sp 2
   \fB-aps\fR
.br
               Displays absolute priority scheduling (APS)
               information for pending jobs in a queue with
               APS_PRIORITY enabled. The APS value is calculated
               based on the current scheduling cycle, so jobs are
               not guaranteed to be dispatched in this order.
.sp 2
               Pending jobs are ordered by APS value. Jobs with
               system APS values are listed first, from highest
               to lowest APS value. Jobs with calculated APS
               values are listed next ordered from high to low
               value. Finally, jobs not in an APS queue are
               listed. Jobs with equal APS values are listed in
               order of submission time. APS values of jobs not
               in an APS queue are shown with a dash (-).
.sp 2
               If queues are configured with the same priority,
               bjobs -aps may not show jobs in the correct
               expected dispatch order. Jobs may be dispatched in
               the order the queues are configured in lsb.queues.
               You should avoid configuring queues with the same
               priority.
.sp 2
               For resizable jobs, -aps displays the latest APS
               information for running jobs with active resize
               allocation requests. LSF handles the dynamic
               priority for running jobs with active resize
               requests. The displayed job priority can change
               from time to time.
.sp 2
   \fB-d\fR
.br
               Displays information about jobs that finished
               recently, within an interval specified by
               CLEAN_PERIOD in lsb.params (the default period is
               1 hour).
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               Long format. Displays detailed information for
               each job in a multiline format.
.sp 2
               The -l option displays the following additional
               information: project name, job command, current
               working directory on the submission host, initial
               checkpoint period, checkpoint directory, migration
               threshold, pending and suspending reasons, job
               status, resource usage, resource usage limits
               information, and runtime resource usage
               information on the execution hosts.
.sp 2
               If the job was submitted with bsub -K, the -l
               option displays \fRSynchronous Execution\fR.
.sp 2
               Use bjobs -A -l to display detailed information
               for job arrays including job array job limit
               (\fR%\fR\fIjob_limit\fR) if set.
.sp 2
               Use bjobs -ss -l to display detailed information
               for session scheduler jobs.
.sp 2
               If JOB_IDLE is configured in the queue, use bjobs
               -l to display job idle exception information.
.sp 2
               If you submitted your job with the -U option to
               use advance reservations created with the brsvadd
               command, bjobs -l shows the reservation ID used by
               the job.
.sp 2
               If LSF_HPC_EXTENSIONS="SHORT_PIDLIST" is specified
               in lsf.conf, the output from bjobs is shortened to
               display only the first PID and a count of the
               process group IDs (PGIDs) and process IDs for the
               job. Without SHORT_PIDLIST, all of the process IDs
               (PIDs) for a job are displayed.
.sp 2
               If you submitted a job with multiple resource
               requirement strings using the bsub -R option for
               the order, same, rusage, and select sections,
               bjobs -l displays a single, merged resource
               requirement string for those sections, as if they
               were submitted using a single -R.
.sp 2
               If you submitted a job using the OR (||)
               expression to specify alternative resources, this
               option displays the Execution rusage string with
               which the job runs.
.sp 2
               For resizable jobs, the -l option displays active
               pending resize allocation requests, and the latest
               job priority for running jobs with active pending
               resize requests.
.sp 2
               For jobs with user-based fairshare scheduling,
               displays the charging SAAP (share attribute
               account path).
.sp 2
               For jobs submitted to an absolute priority
               scheduling (APS) queue, -l shows the ADMIN factor
               value and the system APS value if they have been
               set by the administrator for the job.
.sp 2
               For jobs submitted with SSH X11 forwarding,
               displays that the job was submitted in SSH X11
               forwarding mode as well as the SSH command
               submitted (set in \fBLSB_SSH_XFORWARD_CMD\fR in
               lsf.conf.)
.sp 2
   \fB-p\fR
.br
               Displays pending jobs, together with the pending
               reasons that caused each job not to be dispatched
               during the last dispatch turn. The pending reason
               shows the number of hosts for that reason, or
               names the hosts if -l is also specified.
.sp 2
               With MultiCluster, -l shows the names of hosts in
               the local cluster.
.sp 2
               Each pending reason is associated with one or more
               hosts and it states the cause why these hosts are
               not allocated to run the job. In situations where
               the job requests specific hosts (using bsub -m),
               users may see reasons for unrelated hosts also
               being displayed, together with the reasons
               associated with the requested hosts.
.sp 2
               The life cycle of a pending reason ends after the
               time indicated by PEND_REASON_UPDATE_INTERVAL in
               lsb.params.
.sp 2
               When the job slot limit is reached for a job array
               (bsub -J "jobArray[indexList]%job_slot_limit") the
               following message is displayed:
.sp 2
               \fRThe job array has reached its job slot
               limit.\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-r\fR
.br
               Displays running jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-s\fR
.br
               Displays suspended jobs, together with the
               suspending reason that caused each job to become
               suspended.
.sp 2
               The suspending reason may not remain the same
               while the job stays suspended. For example, a job
               may have been suspended due to the paging rate,
               but after the paging rate dropped another load
               index could prevent the job from being resumed.
               The suspending reason is updated according to the
               load index. The reasons could be as old as the
               time interval specified by SBD_SLEEP_TIME in
               lsb.params. So the reasons shown may not reflect
               the current load situation.
.sp 2
   \fB-ss\fR
.br
               Displays summary information for session scheduler
               tasks including the job ID, the owner, the job
               name (useful for job arrays), the total number of
               tasks, the state of pending, done, running, and
               exited session scheduler tasks.
.sp 2
               The frequency of the updates of this information
               is based on the parameters
               \fBSSCHED_UPDATE_SUMMARY_INTERVAL\fR and
               \fBSSCHED_UPDATE_SUMMARY_BY_TASK\fR.
.sp 2
               The following options cannot be used with -ss.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     -A
.sp 2
                 o  
                     -W
.sp 2
                 o  
                     -WL
.sp 2
                 o  
                     -WF
.sp 2
                 o  
                     -WP
.sp 2
                 o  
                     -N
.sp 2
                 o  
                     -aps
.sp 2
   \fB-W\fR
.br
               Provides resource usage information for:
               PROJ_NAME, CPU_USED, MEM, SWAP, PIDS, START_TIME,
               FINISH_TIME.
.sp 2
   \fB-WF\fR
.br
               Displays an estimated finish time for running or
               pending jobs. For done or exited jobs, displays
               the actual finish time.
.sp 2
   \fB-WL\fR
.br
               Displays the estimated remaining run time of jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-WP\fR
.br
               Displays the current estimated completion
               percentage of jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-w\fR
.br
               Wide format. Displays job information without
               truncating fields.
.sp 2
   \fB-X\fR
.br
               Displays uncondensed output for host groups and
               compute units.
.sp 2
   \fB-x\fR
.br
               Displays unfinished jobs that have triggered a job
               exception (overrun, underrun, idle,
               runtime_est_exceeded). Use with the -l option to
               show the actual exception status. Use with -a to
               display all jobs that have triggered a job
               exception.
.sp 2
   \fB-app \fIapplication_profile_name\fB\fR
.br
               Displays information about jobs submitted to the
               specified application profile. You must specify an
               existing application profile.
.sp 2
   \fB-G \fIuser_group\fB \fR
.br
               Only displays jobs associated with a user group
               submitted with bsub -G for the specified user
               group. The –G option does not display jobs from
               subgroups within the specified user group.
.sp 2
               If \fBENFORCE_ONE_UG_LIMITS\fR is enabled in
               lsb.params, using the -G option enforces any
               limits placed on the specified user group only
               even if the user or user group belongs to more
               than one group.
.sp 2
               If \fBENFORCE_ONE_UG_LIMITS\fR is disabled in
               lsb.params (default), using the -G option enforces
               the strictest limit that is set on any of the
               groups that the user or user group belongs to.
.sp 2
               The -G option cannot be used together with the -u
               option. You can only specify a user group name.
               The keyword all is not supported for -G.
.sp 2
   \fB-g \fIjob_group_name\fB\fR
.br
               Displays information about jobs attached to the
               job group specified by \fIjob_group_name\fR. For
               example:
.sp 2
               bjobs -g /risk_group
.sp 2
               JOBID   USER    STAT  QUEUE      FROM_HOST   EXEC_HOST   JOB_NAME   SUBMIT_TIME
.sp 2
               113     user1   PEND  normal     hostA                   myjob     Jun 17 16:15
.sp 2
               111     user2   RUN   normal     hostA       hostA       myjob     Jun 14 15:13
.sp 2
               110     user1   RUN   normal     hostB       hostA       myjob     Jun 12 05:03
.sp 2
               104     user3   RUN   normal     hostA       hostC       myjob     Jun 11 13:18
.sp 2
               Use -g with -sla to display job groups attached to
               a service class. Once a job group is attached to a
               service class, all jobs submitted to that group
               are subject to the SLA.
.sp 2
               bjobs -l with -g displays the full path to the
               group to which a job is attached. For example:
.sp 2
               bjobs -l -g /risk_group
.sp 2
               Job <101>, User <user1>, Project <default>, Job Group </risk_group>, Status <RUN>, Queue <normal>, Command <myjob>
.sp 2
               Tue Jun 17 16:21:49: Submitted from host <hostA>, CWD </home/user1;
.sp 2
               Tue Jun 17 16:22:01: Started on <hostA>;
.sp 2
               ...
.sp 2
   \fB-J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
               Displays information about the specified jobs or
               job arrays. Only displays jobs that were submitted
               by the user running this command.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB-Jd \fIjob_description\fB\fR
.br
               Displays information about the specified jobs or
               job arrays. Only displays jobs that were submitted
               by the user running this command.
.sp 2
               The job description can be up to 4094 characters
               long. Job descriptions are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job description.
.sp 2
   \fB-Lp \fIls_project_name\fB \fR
.br
               Displays jobs that belong to the specified LSF
               License Scheduler project.
.sp 2
   \fB-m \fIhost_name\fB ... | -m \fIhost_group\fB ... | -m
   \fIcluster_name\fB ...\fR
.br
               Only displays jobs dispatched to the specified
               hosts. To see the available hosts, use bhosts.
.br
               If a host group or compute unit is specified,
               displays jobs dispatched to all hosts in the
               group. To determine the available host groups, use
               bmgroup. To determine the available compute units,
               use bmgroup -cu.
.br
               With MultiCluster, displays jobs in the specified
               cluster. If a remote cluster name is specified,
               you see the remote job ID, even if the execution
               host belongs to the local cluster. To determine
               the available clusters, use bclusters.
.sp 2
   \fB-N \fIhost_name\fB | -N \fIhost_model\fB | -N
   \fIcpu_factor\fB \fR
.br
               Displays the normalized CPU time consumed by the
               job. Normalizes using the CPU factor specified, or
               the CPU factor of the host or host model
               specified.
.sp 2
   \fB-P \fIproject_name\fB \fR
.br
               Only displays jobs that belong to the specified
               project.
.sp 2
   \fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB \fR
.br
               Only displays jobs in the specified queue.
.sp 2
               The command bqueues returns a list of queues
               configured in the system, and information about
               the configurations of these queues.
.sp 2
               In MultiCluster, you cannot specify remote queues.
.sp 2
   \fB-sla \fIservice_class_name\fB\fR
.br
               Displays jobs belonging to the specified service
               class.
.sp 2
               bjobs also displays information about jobs
               assigned to a default SLA configured with
               ENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA in lsb.params.
.sp 2
               Use -sla with -g to display job groups attached to
               a service class. Once a job group is attached to a
               service class, all jobs submitted to that group
               are subject to the SLA.
.sp 2
               Use bsla to display the configuration properties
               of service classes configured in
               lsb.serviceclasses, the default SLA configured in
               lsb.params, and dynamic information about the
               state of each service class.
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB... | -u \fIuser_group\fB... | -u all \fR
.br
               Only displays jobs that have been submitted by the
               specified users or user groups. The keyword all
               specifies all users. To specify a Windows user
               account, include the domain name in uppercase
               letters and use a single backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a Windows
               command line or a double backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a UNIX
               command line.
.sp 2
               The -u option cannot be used with the -G option.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]"\fR
.br
               Displays information about the specified jobs or
               job arrays.
.sp 2
               If you use \fR-A\fR, specify job array IDs without
               the index list.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Default Display"
\fBOutput: Default Display\fR
.sp 2
   Pending jobs are displayed in the order in which they are
   considered for dispatch. Jobs in higher priority queues are
   displayed before those in lower priority queues. Pending jobs
   in the same priority queues are displayed in the order in
   which they were submitted but this order can be changed by
   using the commands btop or bbot. If more than one job is
   dispatched to a host, the jobs on that host are listed in the
   order in which they are considered for scheduling on this host
   by their queue priorities and dispatch times. Finished jobs
   are displayed in the order in which they were completed.
.sp 2
   A listing of jobs is displayed with the following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBJOBID \fR
.br
               The job ID that LSF assigned to the job.
.sp 2
   \fBUSER\fR
.br
               The user who submitted the job.
.sp 2
   \fBSTAT\fR
.br
               The current status of the job (see JOB STATUS
               below).
.sp 2
   \fBQUEUE\fR
.br
               The name of the job queue to which the job
               belongs. If the queue to which the job belongs has
               been removed from the configuration, the queue
               name is displayed as \fRlost_and_found\fR. Use
               bhist to get the original queue name. Jobs in the
               \fRlost_and_found\fR queue remain pending until
               they are switched with the bswitch command into
               another queue.
.sp 2
               In a MultiCluster resource leasing environment,
               jobs scheduled by the consumer cluster display the
               remote queue name in the format
               \fIqueue_name\fR@\fIcluster_name\fR. By default,
               this field truncates at 10 characters, so you
               might not see the cluster name unless you use -w
               or -l.
.sp 2
   \fBFROM_HOST\fR
.br
               The name of the host from which the job was
               submitted.
.sp 2
               With MultiCluster, if the host is in a remote
               cluster, the cluster name and remote job ID are
               appended to the host name, in the format
               \fIhost_name\fR@\fIcluster_name\fR:\fIjob_ID\fR.
               By default, this field truncates at 11 characters;
               you might not see the cluster name and job ID
               unless you use -w or -l.
.sp 2
   \fBEXEC_HOST\fR
.br
               The name of one or more hosts on which the job is
               executing (this field is empty if the job has not
               been dispatched). If the host on which the job is
               running has been removed from the configuration,
               the host name is displayed as
               \fRlost_and_found\fR. Use bhist to get the
               original host name.
.sp 2
               If the host is part of a condensed host group or
               compute unit, the host name is displayed as the
               name of the condensed group.
.sp 2
               If you configure a host to belong to more than one
               condensed host groups using wildcards, bjobs can
               display any of the host groups as execution host
               name.
.sp 2
   \fBJOB_NAME \fR
.br
               The job name assigned by the user, or the command
               string assigned by default at job submission with
               bsub. If the job name is too long to fit in this
               field, then only the latter part of the job name
               is displayed.
.sp 2
               The displayed job name or job command can contain
               up to 4094 characters for UNIX, or up to 255
               characters for Windows.
.sp 2
   \fBSUBMIT_TIME \fR
.br
               The submission time of the job.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: -l"
\fBOutput: -l\fR
.sp 2
   The \fR-l\fR option displays a long format listing with the
   following additional fields:
.sp 2
   \fBProject\fR
.br
               The project the job was submitted from.
.sp 2
   \fBApplication Profile\fR
.br
               The application profile the job was submitted to.
.sp 2
   \fBCommand \fR
.br
               The job command.
.sp 2
   \fBCWD \fR
.br
               The current working directory on the submission
               host.
.sp 2
   \fBInitial checkpoint period\fR
.br
               The initial checkpoint period specified at the job
               level, by bsub -k, or in an application profile
               with CHKPNT_INITPERIOD.
.sp 2
   \fBCheckpoint period\fR
.br
               The checkpoint period specified at the job level,
               by bsub -k, in the queue with CHKPNT, or in an
               application profile with CHKPNT_PERIOD.
.sp 2
   \fBCheckpoint directory\fR
.br
               The checkpoint directory specified at the job
               level, by bsub -k, in the queue with CHKPNT, or in
               an application profile with CHKPNT_DIR.
.sp 2
   \fBMigration threshold\fR
.br
               The migration threshold specified at the job
               level, by bsub -mig.
.sp 2
   \fBPost-execute Command \fR
.br
               The post-execution command specified at the
               job-level, by bsub -Ep.
.sp 2
   \fBPENDING REASONS \fR
.br
               The reason the job is in the PEND or PSUSP state.
               The names of the hosts associated with each reason
               are displayed when both \fR-p\fR and \fR-l\fR
               options are specified.
.sp 2
   \fBSUSPENDING REASONS \fR
.br
               The reason the job is in the USUSP or SSUSP state.
.sp 2
               \fBloadSched \fR
.br
                           The load scheduling thresholds for the
                           job.
.sp 2
               \fBloadStop \fR
.br
                           The load suspending thresholds for the
                           job.
.sp 2
   \fBJOB STATUS\fR
.br
               Possible values for the status of a job include:
.sp 2
               \fBPEND \fR
.br
                           The job is pending. That is, it has
                           not yet been started.
.sp 2
               \fBPSUSP\fR
.br
                           The job has been suspended, either by
                           its owner or the LSF administrator,
                           while pending.
.sp 2
               \fBRUN \fR
.br
                           The job is currently running.
.sp 2
               \fBUSUSP \fR
.br
                           The job has been suspended, either by
                           its owner or the LSF administrator,
                           while running.
.sp 2
               \fBSSUSP\fR
.br
                           The job has been suspended by LSF. The
                           job has been suspended by LSF due to
                           either of the following two causes:
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 The load conditions on the
                                 execution host or hosts have
                                 exceeded a threshold according
                                 to the \fRloadStop\fR vector
                                 defined for the host or queue.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 The run window of the job’s
                                 queue is closed. See bqueues(1),
                                 bhosts(1), and lsb.queues(5).
.sp 2
               \fBDONE\fR
.br
                           The job has terminated with status of
                           0.
.sp 2
               \fBEXIT\fR
.br
                           The job has terminated with a non-zero
                           status – it may have been aborted due
                           to an error in its execution, or
                           killed by its owner or the LSF
                           administrator.
.sp 2
                           For example, exit code 131 means that
                           the job exceeded a configured resource
                           usage limit and LSF killed the job.
.sp 2
               \fBUNKWN\fR
.br
                           mbatchd has lost contact with the
                           sbatchd on the host on which the job
                           runs.
.sp 2
               \fBWAIT\fR
.br
                           For jobs submitted to a chunk job
                           queue, members of a chunk job that are
                           waiting to run.
.sp 2
               \fBZOMBI\fR
.br
                           A job becomes ZOMBI if:
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 A non-rerunnable job is killed
                                 by bkill while the sbatchd on
                                 the execution host is
                                 unreachable and the job is shown
                                 as UNKWN.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 The host on which a rerunnable
                                 job is running is unavailable
                                 and the job has been requeued by
                                 LSF with a new job ID, as if the
                                 job were submitted as a new job.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 After the execution host becomes
                                 available, LSF tries to kill the
                                 ZOMBI job. Upon successful
                                 termination of the ZOMBI job,
                                 the job’s status is changed to
                                 EXIT.
.sp 2
                                 With MultiCluster, when a job
                                 running on a remote execution
                                 cluster becomes a ZOMBI job, the
                                 execution cluster treats the job
                                 the same way as local ZOMBI
                                 jobs. In addition, it notifies
                                 the submission cluster that the
                                 job is in ZOMBI state and the
                                 submission cluster requeues the
                                 job.
.sp 2
   \fBRUNTIME\fR
.br
               Estimated run time for the job, specified by bsub
               -We or bmod -We, -We+, -Wep.
.sp 2
               The following information is displayed when
               running bjobs -WL, -WF, or -WP.
.sp 2
               \fBTIME_LEFT\fR
.br
                           The estimated run time that the job
                           has remaining. Along with the time if
                           applicable, one of the following
                           symbols may also display.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 E: The job has an estimated run
                                 time that has not been exceeded.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 L: The job has a hard run time
                                 limit specified but either has
                                 no estimated run time or the
                                 estimated run time is more than
                                 the hard run time limit.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 X: The job has exceeded its
                                 estimated run time and the time
                                 displayed is the time remaining
                                 until the job reaches its hard
                                 run time limit.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 A dash indicates that the job
                                 has no estimated run time and no
                                 run limit, or that it has
                                 exceeded its run time but does
                                 not have a hard limit and
                                 therefore runs until completion.
.sp 2
                           If there is less than a minute
                           remaining, 0:0 displays.
.sp 2
               \fBFINISH_TIME\fR
.br
                           The estimated finish time of the job.
                           For done/exited jobs, this is the
                           actual finish time. For running jobs,
                           the finish time is the start time plus
                           the estimated run time (where set and
                           not exceeded) or the start time plus
                           the hard run limit.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 E: The job has an estimated run
                                 time that has not been exceeded.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 L: The job has a hard run time
                                 limit specified but either has
                                 no estimated run time or the
                                 estimated run time is more than
                                 the hard run time limit.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 X: The job has exceeded its
                                 estimated run time and had no
                                 hard run time limit set. The
                                 finish time displayed is the
                                 estimated run time remaining
                                 plus the start time.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 A dash indicates that the
                                 pending, suspended, or job with
                                 no run limit has no estimated
                                 finish time.
.sp 2
               \fB%COMPLETE\fR
.br
                           The estimated completion percentage of
                           the job.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 E: The job has an estimated run
                                 time that has not been exceeded.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 L: The job has a hard run time
                                 limit specified but either has
                                 no estimated run time or the
                                 estimated run time is more than
                                 the hard run time limit.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 X: The job has exceeded its
                                 estimated run time and had no
                                 hard run time limit set.
.sp 2
                             o  
                                 A dash indicates that the jobs
                                 is pending, or that it is
                                 running or suspended, but has no
                                 run time limit specified.
.sp 2
                  \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
                     For jobs in the state UNKNOWN, the job run
                     time estimate is based on internal counting
                     by the job’s mbatchd.
.sp 2
   \fBRESOURCE USAGE \fR
.br
               For the MultiCluster job forwarding model, this
               information is not shown if MultiCluster resource
               usage updating is disabled.
.sp 2
               The values for the current usage of a job include:
.sp 2
               \fBCPU time\fR
.br
                           Cumulative total CPU time in seconds
                           of all processes in a job.
.sp 2
               \fBIDLE_FACTOR\fR
.br
                           Job idle information (CPU
                           time/runtime) if JOB_IDLE is
                           configured in the queue, and the job
                           has triggered an idle exception.
.sp 2
               \fBMEM\fR
.br
                           Total resident memory usage of all
                           processes in a job. By default, memory
                           usage is shown in MB. Use
                           LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS in lsf.conf to
                           specify a larger unit for display (MB,
                           GB, TB, PB, or EB).
.sp 2
               \fBSWAP\fR
.br
                           Total virtual memory usage of all
                           processes in a job. By default, swap
                           space is shown in MB. Use
                           LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS in lsf.conf to
                           specify a larger unit for display (MB,
                           GB, TB, PB, or EB).
.sp 2
               \fBNTHREAD\fR
.br
                           Number of currently active threads of
                           a job.
.sp 2
               \fBPGID\fR
.br
                           Currently active process group ID in a
                           job.
.sp 2
               \fBPIDs\fR
.br
                           Currently active processes in a job.
.sp 2
   \fBRESOURCE LIMITS\fR
.br
               The hard resource usage limits that are imposed on
               the jobs in the queue (see getrlimit(2) and
               lsb.queues(5)). These limits are imposed on a
               per-job and a per-process basis.
.sp 2
               The possible per-job resource usage limits are:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     CPULIMIT
.sp 2
                 o  
                     PROCLIMIT
.sp 2
                 o  
                     MEMLIMIT
.sp 2
                 o  
                     SWAPLIMIT
.sp 2
                 o  
                     PROCESSLIMIT
.sp 2
                 o  
                     THREADLIMIT
.sp 2
                 o  
                     OPENFILELIMIT
.sp 2
               The possible UNIX per-process resource usage
               limits are:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     RUNLIMIT
.sp 2
                 o  
                     FILELIMIT
.sp 2
                 o  
                     DATALIMIT
.sp 2
                 o  
                     STACKLIMIT
.sp 2
                 o  
                     CORELIMIT
.sp 2
               If a job submitted to the queue has any of these
               limits specified (see bsub(1)), then the lower of
               the corresponding job limits and queue limits are
               used for the job.
.sp 2
               If no resource limit is specified, the resource is
               assumed to be unlimited. User shell limits that
               are unlimited are not displayed.
.sp 2
   \fBEXCEPTION STATUS\fR
.br
               Possible values for the exception status of a job
               include:
.sp 2
               \fBidle\fR
.br
                           The job is consuming less CPU time
                           than expected. The job idle factor
                           (CPU time/runtime) is less than the
                           configured JOB_IDLE threshold for the
                           queue and a job exception has been
                           triggered.
.sp 2
               \fBoverrun\fR
.br
                           The job is running longer than the
                           number of minutes specified by the
                           JOB_OVERRUN threshold for the queue
                           and a job exception has been
                           triggered.
.sp 2
               \fBunderrun\fR
.br
                           The job finished sooner than the
                           number of minutes specified by the
                           JOB_UNDERRUN threshold for the queue
                           and a job exception has been
                           triggered.
.sp 2
   \fBSynchronous Execution\fR
.br
               Job was submitted with the -K option. LSF submits
               the job and waits for the job to complete.
.sp 2
   \fBJOB_DESCRIPTION \fR
.br
               The job description assigned by the user. This
               field is omitted if no job description has been
               assigned.
.sp 2
               The displayed job description can contain up to
               4094 characters.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Job array summary information"
\fBOutput: Job array summary information\fR
.sp 2
   If you use -A, displays summary information about job arrays.
   The following fields are displayed:
.sp 2
   \fBJOBID \fR
.br
               Job ID of the job array.
.sp 2
   \fBARRAY_SPEC \fR
.br
               Array specification in the format of
               \fIname\fR[\fIindex\fR]. The array specification
               may be truncated, use -w option together with -A
               to show the full array specification.
.sp 2
   \fBOWNER \fR
.br
               Owner of the job array.
.sp 2
   \fBNJOBS \fR
.br
               Number of jobs in the job array.
.sp 2
   \fBPEND \fR
.br
               Number of pending jobs of the job array.
.sp 2
   \fBRUN\fR
.br
               Number of running jobs of the job array.
.sp 2
   \fBDONE \fR
.br
               Number of successfully completed jobs of the job
               array.
.sp 2
   \fBEXIT \fR
.br
               Number of unsuccessfully completed jobs of the job
               array.
.sp 2
   \fBSSUSP \fR
.br
               Number of LSF system suspended jobs of the job
               array.
.sp 2
   \fBUSUSP \fR
.br
               Number of user suspended jobs of the job array.
.sp 2
   \fBPSUSP \fR
.br
               Number of held jobs of the job array.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Session Scheduler job summary information"
\fBOutput: Session Scheduler job summary information\fR
.sp 2
   \fBJOBID\fR
.br
               Job ID of the Session Scheduler job.
.sp 2
   \fBOWNER\fR
.br
               Owner of the Session Scheduler job.
.sp 2
   \fBJOB_NAME \fR
.br
               The job name assigned by the user, or the command
               string assigned by default at job submission with
               bsub. If the job name is too long to fit in this
               field, then only the latter part of the job name
               is displayed.
.sp 2
               The displayed job name or job command can contain
               up to 4094 characters for UNIX, or up to 255
               characters for Windows.
.sp 2
   \fBNTASKS\fR
.br
               The total number of tasks for this Session
               Scheduler job.
.sp 2
   \fBPEND\fR
.br
               Number of pending tasks of the Session Scheduler
               job.
.sp 2
   \fBRUN\fR
.br
               Number of running tasks of the Session Scheduler
               job.
.sp 2
   \fBDONE\fR
.br
               Number of successfully completed tasks of the
               Session Scheduler job.
.sp 2
   \fBEXIT\fR
.br
               Number of unsuccessfully completed tasks of the
               Session Scheduler job.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   \fRbjobs -pl\fR
.sp 2
   Displays detailed information about all pending jobs of the
   invoker.
.sp 2
   \fRbjobs -ps\fR
.sp 2
   Display only pending and suspended jobs.
.sp 2
   \fRbjobs -u all -a\fR
.sp 2
   Displays all jobs of all users.
.sp 2
   \fRbjobs -d -q short -m hostA -u user1\fR
.sp 2
   Displays all the recently finished jobs submitted by
   \fRuser1\fR to the queue \fRshort\fR, and executed on the host
   \fRhostA\fR.
.sp 2
   \fRbjobs 101 102 203 509\fR
.sp 2
   Display jobs with job_ID 101, 102, 203, and 509.
.sp 2
   \fRbjobs -X 101 102 203 509\fR
.sp 2
   Display jobs with job ID 101, 102, 203, and 509 as uncondensed
   output even if these jobs belong to hosts in condensed groups.
.sp 2
   \fRbjobs -sla Uclulet\fR
.sp 2
   Displays all jobs belonging to the service class
   \fRUclulet\fR.
.sp 2
   \fRbjobs -app fluent\fR
.sp 2
   Displays all jobs belonging to the application profile
   \fRfluent\fR.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bsub, bkill, bhosts, bmgroup, bclusters, bqueues, bhist,
   bresume, bsla, bstop, lsb.params, lsb.serviceclasses, mbatchd
