
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bkill 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbkill\fR
.sp 2
   sends signals to kill, suspend, or resume unfinished jobs
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bkill [-l] [-app application_profile_name] [-g job_group_name]
[-sla service_class_name] [-J job_name] [-m host_name | -m
host_group] [-q queue_name] [-r | -s signal_value | signal_name]
[-u user_name | -u user_group | -u all] [job_ID ... | 0 |
"job_ID[index]" ...]
.sp 2
bkill [-l] [-b] [-app application_profile_name] [-g
job_group_name] [-sla service_class_name] [-J job_name] [-m
host_name | -m host_group] [-q queue_name] [-u user_name | -u
user_group | -u all] [job_ID ... | 0 | "job_ID[index]" ...]
.sp 2
bkill [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   By default, sends a set of signals to kill the specified jobs.
   On UNIX, SIGINT and SIGTERM are sent to give the job a chance
   to clean up before termination, then SIGKILL is sent to kill
   the job. The time interval between sending each signal is
   defined by the JOB_TERMINATE_INTERVAL parameter in
   lsb.params(5).
.sp 2
   By default, kills the last job submitted by the user running
   the command. You must specify a job ID or -app, -g, -J, -m,
   -u, or -q. If you specify -app, -g, -J, -m, -u, or -q without
   a job ID, bkill kills the last job submitted by the user
   running the command. Specify job ID 0 (zero) to kill multiple
   jobs.
.sp 2
   On Windows, job control messages replace the SIGINT and
   SIGTERM signals (but only customized applications can process
   them) and the \fRTerminateProcess() \fRsystem call is sent to
   kill the job.
.sp 2
   Exit code 130 is returned when a dispatched job is killed with
   bkill.
.sp 2
   If \fBPRIVILEGED_USER_FORCE_BKILL=y\fR in lsb.params, only
   root and LSF administrators can run bkill -r. The -r option is
   ignored for other users.
.sp 2
   Users can only operate on their own jobs. Only root and LSF
   administrators can operate on jobs submitted by other users.
.sp 2
   If a signal request fails to reach the job execution host, LSF
   tries the operation later when the host becomes reachable. LSF
   retries the most recent signal request.
.sp 2
   If a job is running in a queue with CHUNK_JOB_SIZE set, bkill
   has the following results depending on job state:
.sp 2
   \fBPEND\fR
.br
               Job is removed from chunk (NJOBS -1, PEND -1)
.sp 2
   \fBRUN\fR
.br
               All jobs in the chunk are suspended (NRUN -1,
               NSUSP +1)
.sp 2
   \fBUSUSP\fR
.br
               Job finishes, next job in the chunk starts if one
               exists (NJOBS -1, PEND -1, SUSP -1, RUN +1)
.sp 2
   \fBWAIT\fR
.br
               Job finishes (NJOBS-1, PEND -1)
.sp 2
               If the job cannot be killed, use bkill -r to
               remove the job from the LSF system without waiting
               for the job to terminate, and free the resources
               of the job.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB0\fR
.br
               Kills all the jobs that satisfy other options
               (-app. -g, -m, -q, -u, and -J).
.sp 2
   \fB-b\fR
.br
               Kills large numbers of jobs as soon as possible.
               Local pending jobs are killed immediately and
               cleaned up as soon as possible, ignoring the time
               interval specified by CLEAN_PERIOD in lsb.params.
               Jobs killed in this manner are not logged to
               lsb.acct.
.sp 2
               Other jobs, such as running jobs, are killed as
               soon as possible and cleaned up normally.
.sp 2
               If the -b option is used with the 0 subcommand,
               bkill kills all applicable jobs and silently skips
               the jobs that cannot be killed.
.sp 2
               bkill -b 0
.sp 2
               Operation is in progress
.sp 2
               The -b option is ignored if used with the -r or -s
               options.
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               Displays the signal names supported by bkill. This
               is a subset of signals supported by /bin/kill and
               is platform-dependent.
.sp 2
   \fB-r\fR
.br
               Removes a job from the LSF system without waiting
               for the job to terminate in the operating system.
.sp 2
               If \fBPRIVILEGED_USER_FORCE_BKILL=y\fR in
               lsb.params, only root and LSF administrators can
               run bkill -r. The -r option is ignored for other
               users.
.sp 2
               Sends the same series of signals as bkill without
               -r, except that the job is removed from the system
               immediately, the job is marked as EXIT, and the
               job resources that LSF monitors are released as
               soon as LSF receives the first signal.
.sp 2
               Also operates on jobs for which a bkill command
               has been issued but that cannot be reached to be
               acted on by sbatchd (jobs in ZOMBI state). If
               sbatchd recovers before the jobs are completely
               removed, LSF ignores the zombie jobs killed with
               bkill -r.
.sp 2
               Use bkill -r only on jobs that cannot be killed in
               the operating system, or on jobs that cannot be
               otherwise removed using bkill.
.sp 2
               The -r option cannot be used with the -s option.
.sp 2
   \fB-app \fIapplication_profile_name\fB\fR
.br
               Operates only on jobs associated with the
               specified application profile. You must specify an
               existing application profile. If \fIjob_ID\fR or 0
               is not specified, only the most recently submitted
               qualifying job is operated on.
.sp 2
   \fB-g \fIjob_group_name\fB\fR
.br
               Operates only on jobs in the job group specified
               by \fIjob_group_name\fR.
.sp 2
               Use -g with -sla to kill jobs in job groups
               attached to a service class.
.sp 2
               bkill does not kill jobs in lower level job groups
               in the path. For example, jobs are attached to job
               groups \fR/risk_group\fR and
               \fR/risk_group/consolidate\fR:
.sp 2
               bsub -g /risk_group  myjob
.sp 2
               Job <115> is submitted to default queue <normal>.
.sp 2
               bsub -g /risk_group/consolidate myjob2
.sp 2
               Job <116> is submitted to default queue <normal>.
.sp 2
               The following bkill command only kills jobs in
               \fR/risk_group\fR, not the subgroup
               \fR/risk_group/consolidate\fR:
.sp 2
               bkill -g /risk_group 0
.sp 2
               Job <115> is being terminated
.sp 2
               bkill -g /risk_group/consolidate 0
.sp 2
               Job <116> is being terminated
.sp 2
   \fB-J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
               Operates only on jobs with the specified job name.
               The -J option is ignored if a job ID other than 0
               is specified in the \fIjob_ID\fR option.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB-m \fIhost_name\fB | -m \fIhost_group\fB\fR
.br
               Operates only on jobs dispatched to the specified
               host or host group.
.sp 2
               If \fIjob_ID\fR is not specified, only the most
               recently submitted qualifying job is operated on.
               The -m option is ignored if a job ID other than 0
               is specified in the \fIjob_ID\fR option. See
               bhosts(1) and bmgroup(1) for more information
               about hosts and host groups.
.sp 2
   \fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB\fR
.br
               Operates only on jobs in the specified queue.
.sp 2
               If \fIjob_ID\fR is not specified, only the most
               recently submitted qualifying job is operated on.
.sp 2
               The -q option is ignored if a job ID other than 0
               is specified in the \fIjob_ID\fR option.
.sp 2
               See bqueues(1) for more information about queues.
.sp 2
   \fB-s \fIsignal_value\fB | \fIsignal_name\fB\fR
.br
               Sends the specified signal to specified jobs. You
               can specify either a name, stripped of the SIG
               prefix (such as KILL), or a number (such as 9).
.sp 2
               Eligible UNIX signal names are listed by bkill -l.
.sp 2
               The -s option cannot be used with the -r option.
.sp 2
               Use bkill -s to suspend and resume jobs by using
               the appropriate signal instead of using bstop or
               bresume. Sending the SIGCONT signal is the same as
               using bresume.
.sp 2
               Sending the SIGSTOP signal to sequential jobs or
               the SIGTSTP to parallel jobs is the same as using
               bstop.
.sp 2
               You cannot suspend a job that is already
               suspended, or resume a job that is not suspended.
               Using SIGSTOP or SIGTSTP on a job that is in the
               USUSP state has no effect and using SIGCONT on a
               job that is not in either the PSUSP or the USUSP
               state has no effect. See bjobs(1) for more
               information about job states.
.sp 2
               Limited Windows signals are supported:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fRbkill -s 7\fR or \fRbkill SIGKILL\fR to
                     terminate a job
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fRbkill -s 16\fR or \fRbkill SIGSTOP\fR to
                     suspend a job
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fRbkill -s 15\fR to resume a job
.sp 2
   \fB-sla \fIservice_class_name\fB\fR
.br
               Operates on jobs belonging to the specified
               service class.
.sp 2
               If \fIjob_ID\fR is not specified, only the most
               recently submitted job is operated on.
.sp 2
               Use -sla with -g to kill jobs in job groups
               attached to a service class.
.sp 2
               The -sla option is ignored if a job ID other than
               0 is specified in the \fIjob_ID\fR option.
.sp 2
               Use bsla to display the configuration properties
               of service classes configured in
               lsb.serviceclasses, the default SLA configured
               with ENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA in lsb.params, and
               dynamic information about the state of each
               service class.
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u \fIuser_group\fB | -u all\fR
.br
               Operates only on jobs submitted by the specified
               user or user group, or by all users if the
               reserved user name all is specified. To specify a
               Windows user account, include the domain name in
               uppercase letters and use a single backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a Windows
               command line or a double backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a UNIX
               command line.
.sp 2
               If job_ID is not specified, only the most recently
               submitted qualifying job is operated on. The -u
               option is ignored if a job ID other than 0 is
               specified in the job_ID option.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB ... | 0 | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]" ...\fR
.br
               Operates only on jobs that are specified by
               \fIjob_ID\fR or "\fIjob_ID\fR[\fIindex\fR]", where
               "\fIjob_ID\fR[\fIindex\fR]" specifies selected job
               array elements (see \fRbjobs(1)\fR). For job
               arrays, quotation marks must enclose the job ID
               and index, and index must be enclosed in square
               brackets.
.sp 2
               Kill an entire job array by specifying the job
               array ID instead of the job ID.
.sp 2
               Jobs submitted by any user can be specified here
               without using the -u option. If you use the
               reserved job ID 0, all the jobs that satisfy other
               options (that is, -m, -q, -u and -J) are operated
               on; all other job IDs are ignored.
.sp 2
               The options -u, -q, -m and -J have no effect if a
               job ID other than 0 is specified. Job IDs are
               returned at job submission time (see bsub(1)) and
               may be obtained with the bjobs command (see
               bjobs(1)).
.sp 2
               Any jobs or job arrays that are killed are logged
               in lsb.acct.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   bkill -s 17 -q night
.sp 2
   Sends signal 17 to the last job that was submitted by the
   invoker to queue \fRnight\fR.
.sp 2
   bkill -q short -u all 0
.sp 2
   Kills all the jobs that are in the queue \fRshort\fR.
.sp 2
   bkill -r 1045
.sp 2
   Forces the removal of unkillable job 1045.
.sp 2
   bkill -sla Tofino 0
.sp 2
   Kill all jobs belonging to the service class named
   \fRTofino\fR.
.sp 2
   bkill -g /risk_group 0
.sp 2
   Kills all jobs in the job group \fR/risk_group\fR.
.sp 2
   bkill -app fluent
.sp 2
   Kills the most recently submitted job associated with the
   application profile \fRfluent\fR for the current user.
.sp 2
   bkill -app fluent 0
.sp 2
   Kills all jobs associated with the application profile
   \fRfluent\fR for the current user.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bsub(1), bjobs(1), bqueues(1), bhosts(1), bresume(1), bapp(1),
   bsla(1), bstop(1), bgadd(1), bgdel(1), bjgroup(1), bparams(5),
   lsb.serviceclasses(5), mbatchd(8), kill(1), signal(2)
.sp 2
