
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH blcollect 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBblcollect\fR
.sp 2
   license information collection daemon that collects license
   usage information
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
blcollect -c collector_name -m host_name [...] -p
license_scheduler_port [-i lmstat_interval | -D lmstat_path]
.sp 2

.sp 2
blcollect [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Periodically collects license usage information from Acresso
   FLEXnet. It queries FLEXnet for license usage information from
   the FLEXnet lmstat command, and passes the information to the
   License Scheduler daemon (bld). The blcollect daemon improves
   performance by allowing you to distribute license information
   queries on multiple hosts.
.sp 2
   By default, license information is collected from FLEXnet on
   one host. Use blcollect to distribute the license collection
   on multiple hosts.
.sp 2
   For each service domain configuration in lsf.licensescheduler,
   specify one name for blcollect to use. You can only specify
   one collector per service domain, but you can specify one
   collector to serve multiple service domains. You can choose
   any collector name you want, but must use that exact name when
   you run blcollect.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-c\fR
.br
               Required. Specify the collector name you set in
               lsf.licensescheduler. You must use the collector
               name (\fRLIC_COLLECT)\fR you define in the
               \fRServiceDomain\fR section of the configuration
               file.
.sp 2
   \fB-m\fR
.br
               Required. Specifies a space-separated list of
               hosts to which license information is sent. The
               hosts do not need to be running License Scheduler
               or a FLEXnet. Use fully qualified host names.
.sp 2
   \fB-p\fR
.br
               Required. You must specify the License Scheduler
               listening port, which is set in
               lsf.licensescheduler and has a default value of
               9581.
.sp 2
   \fB-i \fIlmstat_interval\fB\fR
.br
               Optional. The frequency in seconds of the calls
               that License Scheduler makes to lmstat to collect
               license usage information from FLEXnet.
.sp 2
               The default interval is 60 seconds.
.sp 2
   \fB-D \fIlmstat_path\fB\fR
.br
               Optional. Location of the FLEXnet command lmstat.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsf.licensescheduler
