
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH blimits 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBblimits\fR
.sp 2
   displays information about resource allocation limits of
   running jobs
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
blimits [-w] [-n limit_name ...] [-m host_name | -m host_group |
-m cluster_name ...] [-P project_name ...] [-q queue_name ...]
[-u user_name |-u user_group ...]
.sp 2
blimits -c
.sp 2
blimits -h | -V
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays current usage of resource allocation limits
   configured in Limit sections in lsb.resources:
.sp 2
     o  
         Configured limit policy name
.sp 2
     o  
         Users (-u option)
.sp 2
     o  
         Queues (-q option)
.sp 2
     o  
         Hosts (-m option)
.sp 2
     o  
         Project names (-P option)
.sp 2
     o  
         Limits (SLOTS, MEM, TMP, SWP, JOBS)
.sp 2
     o  
         Limit configuration (-c option). This is the same as
         bresources with no options.
.sp 2
   Resources that have no configured limits or no limit usage are
   indicated by a dash (-). Limits are displayed in a USED/LIMIT
   format. For example, if a limit of 10 slots is configured and
   3 slots are in use, then blimits displays the limit for SLOTS
   as 3/10.
.sp 2
   Note that if there are no jobs running against resource
   allocation limits, LSF indicates that there is no information
   to be displayed:
.sp 2
   No resource usage found.
.sp 2
   If limits MEM, SWP, or TMP are configured as percentages, both
   the limit and the amount used are displayed in MB. For
   example, lshosts displays maxmem of 249 MB, and MEM is limited
   to 10% of available memory. If 10 MB out of 25 MB are used,
   blimits displays the limit for MEM as 10/25 (10 MB USED from a
   25 MB LIMIT).
.sp 2
   Limits are displayed for both the vertical tabular format and
   the horizontal format for Limit sections. If a vertical format
   Limit section has no name, blimits displays NONAME\fInnn\fR
   under the NAME column for these limits, where the unnamed
   limits are numbered in the order the vertical-format Limit
   sections appear in the lsb.resources file.
.sp 2
   If a resource consumer is configured as all, the limit usage
   for that consumer is indicated by a dash (-)
.sp 2
   PER_HOST slot limits are not displayed. The bhosts commands
   displays these as MXJ limits.
.sp 2
   When LSF adds more resources to a running resizable job,
   blimits displays the added resources. When LSF removes
   resources from a running resizable job, blimits displays the
   updated resources.
.sp 2
   In MultiCluster, blimits returns the information about all
   limits in the local cluster.
.sp 2
   Limit names and policies are set up by the LSF administrator.
   See lsb.resources(5) for more information.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-c\fR
.br
               Displays all resource configurations in
               lsb.resources. This is the same as bresources with
               no options.
.sp 2
   \fB-w \fR
.br
               Displays resource allocation limits information in
               a wide format. Fields are displayed without
               truncation.
.sp 2
   \fB-n \fIlimit_name ...\fB\fR
.br
               Displays resource allocation limits the specified
               named Limit sections. If a list of limit sections
               is specified, Limit section names must be
               separated by spaces and enclosed in quotation
               marks (") or (’).
.sp 2
   \fB-m \fIhost_name\fB | -m \fIhost_group\fB | -m
   \fIcluster_name\fB ...\fR
.br
               Displays resource allocation limits for the
               specified hosts. Do not use quotes when specifying
               multiple hosts.
.sp 2
               To see the available hosts, use bhosts.
.sp 2
               For host groups:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     If the limits are configured with HOSTS, the
                     name of the host group is displayed.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     If the limits are configured with PER_HOST,
                     the names of the hosts belonging to the
                     group are displayed instead of the name of
                     the host group.
.sp 2
                  \fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
                     PER_HOST slot limits are not displayed. The
                     bhosts command displays these as MXJ limits.
.sp 2
               For a list of host groups see bmgroup(1).
.sp 2
               In MultiCluster, if a cluster name is specified,
               displays resource allocation limits in the
               specified cluster.
.sp 2
   \fB-P \fIproject_name \fB... \fR
.br
               Displays resource allocation limits for the
               specified projects.
.sp 2
               If a list of projects is specified, project names
               must be separated by spaces and enclosed in
               quotation marks (") or (’).
.sp 2
   \fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB ... \fR
.br
               Displays resource allocation limits for the
               specified queues.
.sp 2
               The command \fRbqueues\fR returns a list of queues
               configured in the system, and information about
               the configurations of these queues.
.sp 2
               In MultiCluster, you cannot specify remote queues.
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u \fIuser_group\fB ...\fR
.br
               Displays resource allocation limits for the
               specified users.
.sp 2
               If a list of users is specified, user names must
               be separated by spaces and enclosed in quotation
               marks (") or (’). You can specify both user names
               and user IDs in the list of users.
.sp 2
               If a user group is specified, displays the
               resource allocation limits that include that group
               in their configuration. For a list of user groups
               see bugroup(1)).
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   Configured limits and resource usage for built-in resources
   (slots, mem, tmp, and swp load indices, and running and
   suspended job limits) are displayed as INTERNAL RESOURCE
   LIMITS separately from custom external resources, which are
   shown as EXTERNAL RESOURCE LIMITS.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Resource Consumers"
\fBOutput: Resource Consumers\fR
.sp 2
   blimits displays the following fields for resource consumers:
.sp 2
   \fBNAME\fR
.br
               The name of the limit policy as specified by the
               Limit section NAME parameter.
.sp 2
   \fBUSERS\fR
.br
               List of user names or user groups on which the
               displayed limits are enforced, as specified by the
               Limit section parameters USERS or PER_USER.
.sp 2
               User group names have a slash (/) added at the end
               of the group name. See bugroup(1).
.sp 2
   \fBQUEUES\fR
.br
               The name of the queue to which the limits apply,
               as specified by the Limit section parameters
               QUEUES or PER_QUEUES.
.sp 2
               If the queue has been removed from the
               configuration, the queue name is displayed as
               lost_and_found. Use bhist to get the original
               queue name. Jobs in the \fRlost_and_found\fR queue
               remain pending until they are switched with the
               bswitch command into another queue.
.sp 2
               In a MultiCluster resource leasing environment,
               jobs scheduled by the consumer cluster display the
               remote queue name in the format
               \fIqueue_name\fR@\fIcluster_name\fR. By default,
               this field truncates at 10 characters, so you
               might not see the cluster name unless you use -w
               or -l.
.sp 2
   \fBHOSTS\fR
.br
               List of hosts and host groups on which the
               displayed limits are enforced, as specified by the
               Limit section parameters HOSTS or PER_HOSTS.
.sp 2
               Host group names have a slash (/) added at the end
               of the group name. See bmgroup(1).
.sp 2
                  \fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
                     PER_HOST slot limits are not displayed. The
                     bhosts command displays these as MXJ limits.
.sp 2
   \fBPROJECTS\fR
.br
               List of project names on which limits are
               enforced., as specified by the Limit section
               parameters PROJECTS or PER_PROJECT.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Resource Limits"
\fBOutput: Resource Limits\fR
.sp 2
   blimits displays resource allocation limits for the following
   resources:
.sp 2
   \fBSLOTS\fR
.br
               Number of slots currently used and maximum number
               of slots configured for the limit policy, as
               specified by the Limit section SLOTS parameter.
.sp 2
   \fBMEM\fR
.br
               Amount of memory currently used and maximum
               configured for the limit policy, as specified by
               the Limit section MEM parameter.
.sp 2
   \fBTMP\fR
.br
               Amount of tmp space currently used and maximum
               amount of tmp space configured for the limit
               policy, as specified by the Limit section TMP
               parameter.
.sp 2
   \fBSWP\fR
.br
               Amount of swap space currently used and maximum
               amount of swap space configured for the limit
               policy, as specified by the Limit section SWP
               parameter.
.sp 2
   \fBJOBS\fR
.br
               Number of currently running and suspended jobs and
               the maximum number of jobs configured for the
               limit policy, as specified by the Limit section
               JOBS parameter.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   The following command displays limit configuration and dynamic
   usage information for project \fRproj1\fR:
.sp 2
   blimits -P proj1
.sp 2
   INTERNAL RESOURCE LIMITS:
.sp 2
   NAME      USERS      QUEUES     HOSTS     PROJECTS   SLOTS   MEM    TMP   SWP   JOBS
.sp 2
   limit1    user1           -     hostA        proj1     2/6    -      -     -      -
.sp 2
   NONAME022    -            -     hostB  proj1 proj2     1/3    -      -     -      -
.sp 2

.sp 2
   EXTERNAL RESOURCE LIMITS:
.sp 2
   NAME      USERS      QUEUES     HOSTS     PROJECTS     tmp1
.sp 2
   limit1    user1           -     hostA proj1      1/1
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bclusters, bhosts, bhist, bmgroup, bqueues, bugroup,
   lsb.resources
