
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH blinfo 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBblinfo\fR
.sp 2
   displays static License Scheduler configuration information
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
blinfo -Lp | -p | -D | -G | -P
.sp 2
blinfo [-a [-t token_name | "token_name ..."]] [-o alpha | total]
[-g "feature_group ..."]
.sp 2
blinfo -A [-t token_name | "token_name ..."] [-o alpha | total ]
[-g "feature_group ..."]
.sp 2
blinfo -C [-t token_name | "token_name ..."] [-o alpha | total]
[-g "feature_group ..."]
.sp 2
blinfo [-t token_name | "token_name ..."] [-o alpha | total] [-g
"feature_group ..."]
.sp 2
blinfo [ -h | -V ]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays different license configuration information,
   depending on the option selected.
.sp 2
   By default, displays information about the distribution of
   licenses managed by License Scheduler.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-A\fR
.br
               When LOCAL_TO is configured for a feature in
               lsf.licensescheduler, shows the feature allocation
               by cluster locality.
.sp 2
               You can optionally provide license token names.
.sp 2
   \fB-a\fR
.br
               Shows all information, including information about
               non-shared licenses (NON_SHARED_DISTRIBUTION) and
               workload distribution (WORKLOAD_DISTRIBUTION).
.sp 2
               You can optionally provide license token names.
.sp 2
               blinfo -a does not display NON_SHARED information
               for hierarchical project group scheduling
               policies. Use blinfo -G to see hierarchical group
               configuration.
.sp 2
   \fB-C\fR
.br
               When LOCAL_TO is configured for a feature in
               lsf.licensescheduler, shows the cluster locality
               information for the features.
.sp 2
               You can optionally provide license token names.
.sp 2
   \fB-D\fR
.br
               Lists the License Scheduler service domains and
               the corresponding FLEXnet license server hosts.
.sp 2
   \fB-G\fR
.br
               Lists the hierarchical configuration information.
.sp 2
               If PRIORITY is defined in the \fRProjectGroup\fR
               Section of lsf.licensescheduler, this option also
               shows the priorities of each project.
.sp 2
   \fB-g \fIfeature_group\fB ...\fR
.br
               When FEATURE_GROUP is configured for a group of
               license features in lsf.licensescheduler, shows
               only information about the features configured in
               the FEATURE_LIST of specified feature groups. You
               can specify more than one feature group at one
               time.
.sp 2
               When you specify feature names with -t, features
               in the feature list defined by -t and feature
               groups are both displayed.
.sp 2
               Feature groups listed with -g but not defined in
               lsf.licensescheduler are ignored.
.sp 2
   \fB-Lp\fR
.br
               Lists the active projects managed by License
               Scheduler.
.sp 2
               -Lp only displays projects associated with
               configured features.
.sp 2
               If PRIORITY is defined in the \fRProjects\fR
               Section of lsf.licensescheduler, this option also
               lists the priorities of each project.
.sp 2
   \fB-o alpha | total\fR
.br
               Sorts license feature information alphabetically,
               by total licenses, or by available licenses.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     alpha: Features are listed in descending
                     alphabetical order.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     total: Features are sorted by the descending
                     order of the sum of licenses that are
                     allocated to LSF workload from all the
                     service domains configured to supply
                     licenses to the feature. Licenses borrowed
                     by non-LSF workload are included in this
                     amount.
.sp 2
   \fB-P\fR
.br
               When LS_FEATURE_PERCENTAGE=Y, lists the license
               ownership in percentage.
.sp 2
   \fB-p\fR
.br
               Displays values of lsf.licensescheduler
               configuration parameters and lsf.conf parameters
               related to License Scheduler. This is useful for
               troubleshooting.
.sp 2
   \fB-t \fItoken_name\fB | "\fItoken_name\fB ..."\fR
.br
               Only shows information about specified license
               tokens. Use spaces to separate multiple names, and
               enclose them in quotation marks.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints the License Scheduler release version to
               stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Default output"
\fBDefault output\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBFEATURE\fR
.br
               The license name. This becomes the license token
               name.
.sp 2
               When LOCAL_TO is configured for a feature in
               lsf.licensescheduler, blinfo shows the cluster
               locality information for the license features.
.sp 2
   \fBSERVICE_DOMAIN\fR
.br
               The name of the service domain that provided the
               license.
.sp 2
   \fBTOTAL\fR
.br
               The total number of licenses managed by FLEXnet.
               This number comes from FLEXnet.
.sp 2
   \fBDISTRIBUTION\fR
.br
               The distribution of the licenses among license
               projects in the format [\fIproject_name\fR,
               \fIpercentage\fR[/\fInumber_licenses_owned\fR]].
               This determines how many licenses a project is
               entitled to use when there is competition for
               licenses. The percentage is calculated from the
               share specified in the configuration file.
.sp 2 .SH "Allocation output (-A)"
\fBAllocation output (-A)\fR
.sp 2
   \fBFEATURE\fR
.br
               The license name. This becomes the license token
               name.
.sp 2
               When LOCAL_TO is configured for a feature in
               lsf.licensescheduler, blinfo shows the cluster
               locality information for the license features.
.sp 2
   \fBPROJECT\fR
.br
               The License Scheduler project name.
.sp 2
   \fBALLOCATION\fR
.br
               The percentage of shares assigned to each cluster
               for a feature and a project.
.sp 2 .SH "All output (-a)"
\fBAll output (-a)\fR
.sp 2
   Same as Default Output with NON_SHARED_DISTRIBUTION.
.sp 2
   \fBNON-SHARED_DISTRIBUTION\fR
.br
               This column is displayed directly under
               DISTRIBUTION with the \fR-a\fR option. If there
               are non-shared licenses, then the non-shared
               license information is output in the following
               format: [\fIproject_name\fR,
               \fInumber_licenses_non_shared\fR]
.sp 2
               If there are no non-shared licenses, then the
               following license information is output - (dash)
.sp 2 .SH "Cluster locality output (-C)"
\fBCluster locality output (-C)\fR
.sp 2
   \fBNAME\fR
.br
               The license feature token name.
.sp 2
               When LOCAL_TO is configured for a feature in
               lsf.licensescheduler, blinfo shows the cluster
               locality information for the license features.
.sp 2
   \fBFLEX_NAME\fR
.br
               The actual FLEXnet feature name—the name used by
               FLEXnet to identify the type of license. May be
               different from the License Scheduler token name if
               a different FLEX_NAME is specified in
               lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBCLUSTER_NAME \fR
.br
               The name of the cluster the feature is assigned
               to.
.sp 2
   \fBFEATURE\fR
.br
               The license feature name. This becomes the license
               token name.
.sp 2
               When LOCAL_TO is configured for a feature in
               lsf.licensescheduler, blinfo shows the cluster
               locality information for the license features.
.sp 2
   \fBSERVICE_DOMAIN\fR
.br
               The service domain name.
.sp 2 .SH "Service Domain Output (-D)"
\fBService Domain Output (-D)\fR
.sp 2
   \fBSERVICE_DOMAIN\fR
.br
               The service domain name.
.sp 2
   \fBLIC_SERVERS\fR
.br
               Names of FLEXnet license server hosts that belong
               the to service domain. Each host name is enclosed
               in parentheses, as shown:
.sp 2
               (\fIport_number\fR@\fIhost_name\fR)
.sp 2
               Redundant hosts (that share the same FLEXnet
               license file) are grouped together as shown:
.sp 2
               (\fIport_number\fR@\fIhost_name
               port_number\fR@\fIhost_name
               port_number\fR@\fIhost_name\fR)
.sp 2 .SH "Hierarchical Output (-G)"
\fBHierarchical Output (-G)\fR
.sp 2
   The following fields describe the values of their
   corresponding configuration fields in the \fRProjectGroup\fR
   Section of lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBGROUP\fR
.br
               The project names in the hierarchical grouping and
               its relationships. Each entry specifies the name
               of the hierarchical group and its members. The
               entry is enclosed in parentheses as shown:
.sp 2
               (\fIgroup\fR (\fImember\fR ...))
.sp 2
   \fBSHARES\fR
.br
               The shares assigned to the hierarchical group
               member projects.
.sp 2
   \fBOWNERSHIP\fR
.br
               The number of licenses that each project owns.
.sp 2
   \fBLIMITS\fR
.br
               The maximum number of licenses that the
               hierarchical group member project can use at any
               one time.
.sp 2
   \fBNON_SHARED\fR
.br
               The number of licenses that the hierarchical group
               member projects use exclusively.
.sp 2
   \fBPRIORITY\fR
.br
               The priority of the project if it is different
               from the default behavior. A larger number
               indicates a higher priority.
.sp 2
   \fBDESCRIPTION\fR
.br
               The description of the project group.
.sp 2 .SH "Project Output (-Lp)"
\fBProject Output (-Lp)\fR
.sp 2
   List of active License Scheduler projects.
.sp 2
   -Lp only displays projects associated with configured
   features.
.sp 2
   \fBPROJECT\fR
.br
               The project name.
.sp 2
   \fBPRIORITY\fR
.br
               The priority of the project if it is different
               from the default behavior. A larger number
               indicates a higher priority.
.sp 2
   \fBDESCRIPTION\fR
.br
               The description of the project.
.sp 2 .SH "Parameters Output (-p)"
\fBParameters Output (-p)\fR
.sp 2
   \fBADMIN\fR
.br
               The License Scheduler administrator. Defined in
               lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBDISTRIBUTION_POLICY_VIOLATION_ACTION\fR
.br
               This parameter includes
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The interval (a multiple of LM_STAT_INVERVAL
                     periods) at which License Scheduler checks
                     for distribution policy violations, and
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The directory path and command that License
                     Scheduler runs when reporting a violation
.sp 2
               Defined in lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBHOSTS\fR
.br
               License Scheduler candidate hosts. Defined in
               lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLM_REMOVE_INTERVAL\fR
.br
               Minimum time a job must have a license checked out
               before lmremove can remove the license. Defined in
               lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLM_STAT_INTERVAL\fR
.br
               Time interval between calls that License Scheduler
               makes to collect license usage information from
               FLEXnet license management. Defined in
               lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLS_ENABLE_MAX_PREEMPT\fR
.br
               Enables maximum preemption time checking for
               taskman jobs. Defined in lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLS_MAX_TASKMAN_PREEMPT\fR
.br
               Maximum number of times taskman jobs can be
               preempted. Enabled by \fBLS_ENABLE_MAX_PREEMPT\fR.
               Defined in lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLS_MAX_TASKMAN_SESSIONS\fR
.br
               Maximum number of taskman jobs that run
               simultaneously. Defined in lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_HOSTS\fR
.br
               List of hosts that are candidate LSF License
               Scheduler hosts. Defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_REQUEUE\fR
.br
               Specifies whether to requeue or suspend a job
               whose license is preempted by LSF License
               Scheduler. Defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE\fR
.br
               Specifies whether to release the slot of a job
               that is suspended when its license is preempted by
               LSF License Scheduler. Defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_STOP\fR
.br
               Specifies whether to use job controls to stop a
               job that is preempted. Defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_LICENSE_FILE\fR
.br
               Location of the LSF license file, which includes
               License Scheduler keys. Defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   \fBPORT\fR
.br
               TCP listening port used by License Scheduler.
               Defined in lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   blinfo -a displays both NON_SHARED_DISTRIBUTION and
   WORKLOAD_DISTRIBUTION information:
.sp 2
   blinfo -a
.sp 2
   FEATURE      SERVICE_DOMAIN  TOTAL  DISTRIBUTION
.sp 2
   g1           LS              3      [p1, 50.0%] [p2, 50.0% / 2] NON_SHARED_DISTRIBUTION
.sp 2
                                       [p2, 2]
.sp 2
                                       WORKLOAD_DISTRIBUTION
.sp 2
                                       [LSF 66.7%, NON_LSF 33.3%]
.sp 2
   blinfo -a does not display NON_SHARED_DISTRIBUTION, if the
   NON_SHARED_DISTRIBUTION is not defined:
.sp 2
   blinfo -a
.sp 2
   FEATURE      SERVICE_DOMAIN  TOTAL  DISTRIBUTION
.sp 2
   g1           LS              0      [p1, 50.0%] [p2, 50.0%]
.sp 2
                                       WORKLOAD_DISTRIBUTION
.sp 2
                                       [LSF 66.7%, NON_LSF 33.3%]
.sp 2
   g2           LS              0      [p1, 50.0%] [p2, 50.0%]
.sp 2
   g33          WS              0      [p1, 50.0%] [p2, 50.0%]
.sp 2
   blinfo -a does not display WORKLOAD_DISTRIBUTION, if the
   WORKLOAD_DISTRIBUTION is not defined:
.sp 2
   blinfo -a
.sp 2
   FEATURE      SERVICE_DOMAIN  TOTAL  DISTRIBUTION
.sp 2
   g1           LS              3      [p1, 50.0%] [p2, 50.0% / 2]
.sp 2
                                       NON_SHARED_DISTRIBUTION
.sp 2
                                       [p2, 2]
.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   Reads lsf.licensescheduler
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   blstat, blusers
.sp 2
