.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.nh
.TH blmon 1 "LSF Reports Version 7.0 - October 2006"
.br

.SH NAME
\fBblmon\fR - displays license usage 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR
.PP
.PP
\fBblmon\fR [\fB-a\fR| \fB-s\fR] [\fB-f ps\fR [\fB/\fRfile_name]] [\fB-t "\fRtoken_name[\fB/\fRservice_domain]...\fB"\fR] 
.br
[\fB-T\fR \fIstart_time\fR,end_time | \fB-w\fR \fIhours\fR | \fB-w\fR \fIminutes\fRm] [\fB-Y\fR \fItokens\fR] 
.PP
\fBblmon \fR[\fB-h\fR|\fB-V\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR
.PP
.PP
Requires gnuplot version 3.7.1.
.PP
Displays the license usage for each cluster and for the entire system (all clusters 
together).
.PP
By default, displays the actual license usage. By default, the X-axis values range from the 
time of the first event in the current data file to the current time. By default, the Y-axis 
values range from 0 to the total number of licenses. By default, generates one graph for 
each service domain. By default, displays data about the first 4 license tokens returned 
from \fBblinfo\fR.
.PP
Use Ctrl-C to close and exit \fBblmon\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.BR
.PP
.TP 
\fB-a
\fR
.IP
Displays the average license usage. By default, averages from the first event logged to 
the current time. If -T is used with this option, averages from the start time.

.IP
Not compatible with -s option.


.TP 
\fB-s
\fR
.IP
Displays the license usage after instant data is treated by gnuplot smooth.

.IP
Not compatible with -a option.


.TP 
\fB-f ps\fR [\fB/\fRfile_name]

.IP
Creates a postscript file in the current working directory. You can specify a file name in 
the format token.server.ps.

.IP
For example:

.IP
blmon -t "myjob1/LanServer.ps" -f ps produces myjob1.LanServer.ps


.TP 
\fB-t "\fRtoken_name[\fB/\fRservice_domain]...\fB"
\fR
.IP
Displays data about the specified licenses. If you specify a service domain, displays 
information for the specified service domain only. Separate multiple items with space. 
Enclose the list in quotes. 


.TP 
\fB-T "\fRstart_time,end_time"

.IP
Displays information about license usage within the specified static time interval.

.IP
Specify time in the format "year/month/day/hour:minute". 

.IP
For more information, see notes at the end of this document.


.TP 
-w \fIhours\fR | \fB-w\fR \fIminutes\fRm

.IP
Displays dynamically updated information about license usage over the specified time 
interval, computed according to following formulae:

.IP
start_time = (current time) - (time interval)

.IP
end_time = current time

.IP
For time interval, specify an integer representing a number of hours or minutes; append 
m to indicate minutes instead of hours.


.TP 
\fB-Y\fR tokens

.IP
Sets the maximum value of the Y-axis to the specified number of tokens.


.TP 
\fB-h
\fR
.IP
Prints command usage to stderr and exits.


.TP 
\fB-V
\fR
.IP
Prints the release version to stderr and exits.


.SH TIME INTERVAL FORMAT
.BR
.PP
.PP
You use the time interval to define a start and end time for collecting the data to be 
retrieved and displayed. While you can specify both a start and an end time, you can also 
let one of the values default. You can specify either of the times as an absolute time, by 
specifying the date or time, or you can specify them relative to the current time.
.PP
Specify the time interval is follows:
.PP
\fIstart_time\fR,end_time|\fIstart_time\fR,|\fB,\fRend_time|\fIstart_time
\fR.PP
Specify \fIstart_time\fR or \fIend_time\fR in the following format:
.PP
[\fIyear\fR/][\fImonth\fR/][\fIday\fR][\fB/\fRhour:minute|\fB/\fRhour:]|\fB.\fR|\fB.-\fRrelative_int
.PP
Where:
.RS
.HP 2
\(bu \fIyear\fR is a four-digit number representing the calendar year.
.HP 2
\(bu \fImonth\fR is a number from 1 to 12, where 1 is January and 12 is December.
.HP 2
\(bu \fIday\fR is a number from 1 to 31, representing the day of the month.
.HP 2
\(bu \fIhour\fR is an integer from 0 to 23, representing the hour of the day on a 24-hour clock.
.HP 2
\(bu \fIminute\fR is an integer from 0 to 59, representing the minute of the hour.
.HP 2
\(bu \fB.\fR (period) represents the current month/day/hour:minute. 
.HP 2
\(bu \fB.-\fRrelative_int is a number, from 1 to 31, specifying a relative start or end time prior 
to now.
.RE
.SS \fIstart_time\fR,end_time
.BR
.PP
.IP
Specifies both the start and end times of the interval.

.RE
.SS \fIstart_time\fR\fB,\fR
.BR
.PP
.IP
Specifies a start time, and lets the end time default to now.

.RE
.SS \fB,\fRend_time
.BR
.PP
.IP
Specifies to start with the first logged occurrence, and end at the time specified.

.RE
.SS \fIstart_time\fR
.BR
.PP
.IP
Starts at the beginning of the most specific time period specified, and ends at 
the maximum value of the time period specified. For example, 2/ specifies the 
month of February--start February 1 at 00:00 a.m. and end at the last possible 
minute in February: February 28th at midnight.

.RE
.SS ABSOLUTE TIME EXAMPLES
.BR
.PP

.IP
Assume the current time is May 9 17:06 2002:

.IP
\fB1,8 \fR= May 1 00:00 2002 to May 8 23:59 2002

.IP
\fB,4\fR = the time of the first occurrence to May 4 23:59 2002

.IP
\fB6 \fR= May 6 00:00 2002 to May 6 23:59 2002

.IP
\fB2/\fR = Feb 1 00:00 2002 to Feb 28 23:59 2002

.IP
\fB/12:\fR = May 9 12:00 2002 to May 9 12:59 2002

.IP
\fB2/1\fR = Feb 1 00:00 2002 to Feb 1 23:59 2002

.IP
\fB2/1, \fR= Feb 1 00:00 to the current time

.IP
\fB,.\fR = the time of the first occurrence to the current time

.IP
\fB,2/10:\fR = the time of the first occurrence to May 2 10:59 2002

.IP
\fB2001/12/31,2002/5/1\fR = from Dec 31, 2001 00:00:00 to May 1st 2002 23:59:59


.SS RELATIVE TIME EXAMPLES
.BR
.PP

.IP
Assume the current time is May 9 17:06 2002:

.IP
\fB.-9,\fR = April 30 17:06 2002 to the current time

.IP
\fB,.-2/\fR = the time of the first occurrence to Mar 7 17:06 2002

.IP
\fB \.-9,.-2\fR = nine days ago to two days ago (April 30, 2002 17:06 to May 7, 2002 
17:06)

.IP

.\" Generated by Quadralay WebWorks Publisher Professional Edition 6.0.7
.\" Based on template lsf_manpage_tem
.\" Copyright 1994-2003 Platform Computing Corporation
