
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH blparams 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBblparams\fR
.sp 2
   displays information about configurable License Scheduler
   parameters defined in the files lsf.licensescheduler and
   lsf.conf
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
blparams [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the following parameter values:
.sp 2
   \fBADMIN\fR
.br
               The License Scheduler administrator. Defined in
               lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBDISTRIBUTION_POLICY_VIOLATION_ACTION\fR
.br
               This parameter includes
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The interval (a multiple of LM_STAT_INVERVAL
                     periods) at which License Scheduler checks
                     for distribution policy violations, and
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The directory path and command that License
                     Scheduler runs when reporting a violation
.sp 2
               Defined in lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBHOSTS\fR
.br
               License Scheduler candidate hosts. Defined in
               lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLM_REMOVE_INTERVAL\fR
.br
               Minimum time a job must have a license checked out
               before lmremove can remove the license. Defined in
               lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLM_STAT_INTERVAL\fR
.br
               Time interval between calls that License Scheduler
               makes to collect license usage information from
               FLEXnet license management. Defined in
               lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLS_DEBUG_BLD\fR
.br
               Sets the debugging log class for the LSF License
               Scheduler bld daemon. Defined in
               lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
               Specifies the log class filtering to be applied to
               bld. Messages belonging to the specified log class
               are recorded. Not all debug message are controlled
               by log class.
.sp 2
               LS_DEBUG_BLD sets the log class and is used in
               combination with MASK, which sets the log level.
               For example:
.sp 2
               LS_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUGLS_DEBUG_BLD="LC_TRACE" 
.sp 2
               You need to restart the bld daemon after setting
               LS_DEBUG_BLD for your changes to take effect.
.sp 2
               Valid log classes are:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LC_AUTH: Log authentication messages
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LC_COMM: Log communication messages
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LC_FLEX: Log everything related to FLEX_STAT
                     or FLEX_EXEC Acresso APIs
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LC_LICENSE: Log license management messages
                     (LC_LICENCE is also supported for backward
                     compatibility)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LC_PREEMPT: Log license preemption policy
                     messages
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LC_RESREQ: Log resource requirement messages
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LC_TRACE: Log significant program walk steps
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LC_XDR: Log everything transferred by XDR
.sp 2
               If you use the command bladmin blddebug to
               temporarily change this parameter without changing
               lsf.licensescheduler, you do not need to restart
               the daemons.
.sp 2
   \fBLS_ENABLE_MAX_PREEMPT\fR
.br
               Enables maximum preemption time checking for
               taskman jobs. Defined in lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLS_LOG_MASK\fR
.br
               Specifies the logging level of error messages for
               LSF License Scheduler daemons. If LS_LOG_MASK is
               not defined in lsf.licensescheduler, the value of
               LSF_LOG_MASK in lsf.conf is used. If neither
               LS_LOG_MASK nor LSF_LOG_MASK is defined, the
               default is LOG_WARNING.
.sp 2
               For example:
.sp 2
               LS_LOG_MASK=LOG_DEBUG
.sp 2
               The log levels in order from highest to lowest
               are:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LOG_WARNING
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LOG_DEBUG
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LOG_DEBUG1
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LOG_DEBUG2
.sp 2
                 o  
                     LOG_DEBUG3
.sp 2
               The most important License Scheduler log messages
               are at the LOG_WARNING level. Messages at the
               LOG_DEBUG level are only useful for debugging.
.sp 2
   \fBLS_MAX_TASKMAN_PREEMPT\fR
.br
               Maximum number of times taskman jobs can be
               preempted. Enabled by \fBLS_ENABLE_MAX_PREEMPT\fR.
               Defined in lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLS_MAX_TASKMAN_SESSIONS\fR
.br
               Maximum number of taskman jobs that run
               simultaneously. Defined in lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLS_PREEMPT_PEER\fR
.br
               Enables bottom-up license token preemption in
               hierarchical project group configuration. License
               Scheduler attempts to preempt tokens from the
               closest projects in the hierarchy first. This
               balances token ownership from the bottom up.
.sp 2
               Defined in lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_HOSTS\fR
.br
               List of hosts that are candidate LSF License
               Scheduler hosts. Defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_REQUEUE\fR
.br
               Specifies whether to requeue or suspend a job
               whose license is preempted by LSF License
               Scheduler. Defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_SLOT_RELEASE\fR
.br
               Specifies whether to release the slot of a job
               that is suspended when its license is preempted by
               LSF License Scheduler. Defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_LIC_SCHED_PREEMPT_STOP\fR
.br
               Specifies whether to use job controls to stop a
               job that is preempted. Defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_LICENSE_FILE\fR
.br
               Location of the LSF license file, which includes
               License Scheduler keys. Defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   \fBPORT\fR
.br
               TCP listening port used by License Scheduler.
               Defined in lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   \fR\fRlsf.licensescheduler, lsf.conf
.sp 2
