
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH blstat 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBblstat\fR
.sp 2
   displays dynamic license information
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
blstat [-a] [-c token_name] [-G] [-s] [-S] [-D
service_domain_name | "service_domain_name ..."] [-Lp
ls_project_name | "ls_project_name ..."] [-P][-t token_name |
"token_name ..."] [-o alpha | total | avail] [-g "feature_group
..."]
.sp 2
blstat [ -h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays license usage statistics.
.sp 2
   By default, shows information about all licenses and all
   clusters.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-a\fR
.br
               Displays each project group’s accumulated value of
               licenses. The license token dispatching order is
               based on the sort order, which is based on the
               scaled accumulate value of each project. The lower
               the value, the sooner the license token is
               dispatched to that project.
.sp 2
   \fB-c \fItoken_name\fB\fR
.br
               Displays cross cluster information for tokens,
               sorted by the value of SCALED_ACUM. The first
               cluster listed receives tokens first.
.sp 2
               Information displayed includes token usage,
               reserved tokens, free tokens, demand for tokens,
               accumulated value of tokens, and scaled accumulate
               value of tokens in each cluster.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     FREE: Allocated to the cluster but not used.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     AVAIL: If the feature is configured as
                     dynamic, AVAIL=reserve + free – preempted.
                     If it is not dynamic, AVAIL= in use +
                     reserve + free – preempted.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     NEED: Total number of tokens required by
                     pending jobs (rusage).
.sp 2
   \fB-G\fR
.br
               Displays dynamic hierarchical license information.
.sp 2
               blstat -G also works with the -t option to only
               display hierarchical information for the specified
               feature names.
.sp 2
   \fB-S\fR
.br
               Displays information on the license server
               associated with license features.
.sp 2
   \fB-s\fR
.br
               Displays license usage of the LSF and non-LSF
               workloads. Workload distributions are defined by
               WORKLOAD_DISTRIBUTION in lsf.licensescheduler. If
               there are any distribution policy violations,
               blstat marks these with an asterisk (*) at the
               beginning of the line.
.sp 2
   \fB-D \fIservice_domain_name\fB | "\fIservice_domain_name\fB
   ..."\fR
.br
               Only shows information about specified service
               domains. Use spaces to separate multiple names,
               and enclose them in quotation marks.
.sp 2
   \fB-g \fIfeature_group\fB ...\fR
.br
               When FEATURE_GROUP is configured for a group of
               license features in lsf.licensescheduler, shows
               only information about the features configured in
               the FEATURE_LIST of specified feature groups. You
               can specify more than one feature group at a time.
.sp 2
               When you specify feature names with -t, features
               in the FEATURE_LIST defined by -t and feature
               groups are both displayed.
.sp 2
               Feature groups listed with -g but not defined in
               lsf.licensescheduler are ignored.
.sp 2
   \fB-Lp \fIls_project_name\fB | "\fIls_project_name\fB ..."\fR
.br
               Shows project description for specified projects
               (non-hierarchical). Use spaces to separate
               multiple names and enclose them in quotation
               marks.
.sp 2
   \fB-o alpha | total | avail\fR
.br
               Sorts license feature information alphabetically,
               by total licenses, or by available licenses.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     alpha: Features are listed in descending
                     alphabetical order.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     total: Features are sorted by the descending
                     order of the sum of licenses that are
                     allocated to LSF workload from all the
                     service domains configured to supply
                     licenses to the feature. Licenses borrowed
                     by non-LSF workload are not included in this
                     amount.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     avail: Features are sorted by descending
                     order of licenses available, including free
                     tokens.
.sp 2
   \fB-P\fR
.br
               Displays percentage values for INUSE and RESERVE.
               The percentage value represents the number of
               tokens this project has used and reserved compared
               to total number of licenses.
.sp 2
   \fB-t \fItoken_name\fB | "\fItoken_name\fB ..."\fR
.br
               Only shows information about specified licenses.
               Use spaces to separate multiple names, and enclose
               them in quotation marks.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints the release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   Information is organized first by license feature, then by
   service domain. For each combination of license and service
   domain, License Scheduler displays a line of summary
   information followed by rows of license project information
   (one row for each license project configured to use the
   license).
.sp 2
   In each group of statistics, numbers and percentages refer
   only to licenses of the specified license feature that can be
   checked out from FLEXnet license server hosts in the specified
   service domain.
.sp 2 .SH "Summary output"
\fBSummary output\fR
.sp 2
   \fBFEATURE\fR
.br
               The license name. (This appears only once for each
               feature.)
.sp 2
   \fBSERVICE_DOMAIN\fR
.br
               The name of the service domain that provided the
               license.
.sp 2
   \fBTOTAL_INUSE\fR
.br
               The number of licenses in use by License Scheduler
               projects. (Licenses in use have been checked out
               from the FLEXnet license manager.)
.sp 2
   \fBTOTAL_RESERVE\fR
.br
               The number of licenses reserved for License
               Scheduler projects. (Licenses that are reserved
               and have not been checked out from the FLEXnet
               license manager.)
.sp 2
   \fBTOTAL_FREE\fR
.br
               The number of free licenses that are available to
               License Scheduler projects. (Licenses that are not
               reserved or in use.)
.sp 2
   \fBOTHERS\fR
.br
               The number of licenses checked out by users who
               are not submitting their jobs to License Scheduler
               projects.
.sp 2
               By default, these licenses are not being managed
               by License Scheduler policies.
.sp 2
               To enforce license distribution policies for these
               license features, configure
               ENABLE_DYNAMIC_RUSAGE=Y in the feature section for
               those features in lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2 .SH "Workload output"
\fBWorkload output\fR
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_USE\fR
.br
               The total number of licenses in use by License
               Scheduler projects in the LSF workload.
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_DESERVE\fR
.br
               The total number of licenses assigned to License
               Scheduler projects in the LSF workload.
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_FREE\fR
.br
               The total number of free licenses available to
               License Scheduler projects in the LSF workload.
.sp 2
   \fBNON_LSF_USE\fR
.br
               The total number of licenses in use by projects in
               the non-LSF workload.
.sp 2
   \fBNON_LSF_DESERVE\fR
.br
               The total number of licenses assigned to projects
               in the non-LSF workload.
.sp 2
   \fBNON_LSF_FREE\fR
.br
               The total number of free licenses available to
               projects in the non-LSF workload.
.sp 2 .SH "Project output"
\fBProject output\fR
.sp 2
   For each project that is configured to use the license,
   \fRblstat\fR displays the following information.
.sp 2
   \fBPROJECT\fR
.br
               The License Scheduler project name.
.sp 2
   \fBSHARE\fR
.br
               The percentage of licenses assigned to the license
               project by the License Scheduler administrator.
               This determines how many licenses the project is
               entitled to when there is competition for
               licenses. This information is static.
.sp 2
               The percentage is calculated to one decimal place
               using the share assignment in
               lsf.licensescheduler.
.sp 2
   \fBLIMITS\fR
.br
               The maximum number of licenses that the
               hierarchical group member project can use at any
               one time.
.sp 2
   \fBOWN\fR
.br
               Numeric value indicating the number of tokens
               owned by each project.
.sp 2
   \fBINUSE\fR
.br
               The number of licenses in use by the license
               project. (Licenses in use have been checked out
               from the FLEXnet license manager.)
.sp 2
   \fBRESERVE\fR
.br
               The number of licenses reserved for the license
               project. (The corresponding job has started to
               run, but has not yet checked out its license from
               the FLEXnet license manager.)
.sp 2
   \fBFREE\fR
.br
               The number of licenses the license project has
               free. (The license tokens have been allocated to
               the license project by License Scheduler, but the
               licenses are not reserved and have not yet been
               checked out from the FLEXnet license manager.)
.sp 2
   \fBDEMAND\fR
.br
               Numeric value indicating the number of tokens
               required by each project.
.sp 2
   \fBNON_SHARED\fR
.br
               The number of non-shared licenses belonging to the
               license project. (The license tokens allocated to
               non-shared distribution are scheduled before the
               tokens allocated to shared distribution.)
.sp 2
   \fBDESCRIPTION\fR
.br
               Description of the project.
.sp 2
   \fBACUM_USE\fR
.br
               The number of tokens accumulated by each consumer
               at runtime. It is the number of licenses assigned
               to a given consumer for a specific feature.
.sp 2
   \fBSCALED_ACUM\fR
.br
               The number of tokens accumulated by each consumer
               at runtime divided by the SHARE value. License
               Scheduler uses this value to schedule the tokens
               for each project.
.sp 2 .SH "Hierarchical output"
\fBHierarchical output\fR
.sp 2
   \fBSHARE_INFO_FOR\fR
.br
               The root member and name of the hierarchical
               group. The project information displayed after
               this title shows the information specific to this
               particular hierarchical group. If this root member
               is itself a member of another hierarchical group,
               the relationship is displayed as follows:
.sp 2
               /\fIroot_name\fR/\fImember_name\fR/...
.sp 2
   \fBPROJECT/GROUP\fR
.br
               The members of the hierarchical group, listed by
               its group or project name.
.sp 2 .SH "Viewing license feature locality"
\fBViewing license feature locality\fR
.sp 2
   When LOCAL_TO is configured for a feature in
   lsf.licensescheduler, blstat shows the cluster locality
   information for the license features. For example, with a
   group distribution configuration blstat shows the locality of
   the hspice feature configured for various sites:
.sp 2
   blstat
.sp 2
   FEATURE: hspice
.sp 2
    SERVICE_DOMAIN: SD3 SD4
.sp 2
    TOTAL_INUSE: 0    TOTAL_RESERVE: 0    TOTAL_FREE: 22   OTHERS: 0
.sp 2
     PROJECT                 SHARE   OWN  INUSE RESERVE FREE   DEMAND 
.sp 2
     Lp1                     50.0 %   3     1    0        0     11
.sp 2
     Lp2                     50.0 %   1     3    0        0     11
.sp 2
   FEATURE: hspice@clusterA
.sp 2
    SERVICE_DOMAIN: SD1
.sp 2
    TOTAL_INUSE: 0    TOTAL_RESERVE: 0    TOTAL_FREE: 25   OTHERS: 0
.sp 2
     PROJECT                 SHARE   OWN  INUSE RESERVE FREE   DEMAND 
.sp 2
     Lp1                     50.0 %   4     0    0      12       3
.sp 2
     Lp2                     50.0 %   5     0    0      13       1
.sp 2
   FEATURE: hspice@siteB
.sp 2
    SERVICE_DOMAIN: SD2
.sp 2
    TOTAL_INUSE: 0    TOTAL_RESERVE: 0    TOTAL_FREE: 65   OTHERS: 0
.sp 2
     PROJECT                 SHARE   OWN  INUSE RESERVE FREE   DEMAND 
.sp 2
     Lp1                     50.0 %   4     0    0      32       2
.sp 2
     Lp2                     50.0 %   5     0    0      33       6
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   \fR\fRblhosts, \fR\fRblinfo
