
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bltasks 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbltasks\fR
.sp 2
   displays License Scheduler interactive task information
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bltasks [-l] [task_ID]
.sp 2
bltasks [-l] [-p | -r | -w] [-Lp “ls_project_name...”] [-m
“host_name...”] [-t “terminal_name...”] [-u “user_name...”]
.sp 2
bltasks [ | -h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays current information about interactive tasks managed
   by License Scheduler (submitted using taskman).
.sp 2
   By default, displays information about all tasks.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB\fItask_ID\fB\fR
.br
               Only displays information about the specified
               task.
.sp 2
   \fB-l \fR
.br
               Long format. Displays detailed information for
               each task in a multi-line format.
.sp 2
   \fB-p \fR
.br
               Only displays information about tasks with
               \fRPREEMPTED\fR status.
.sp 2
               Cannot be used with -r or -w.
.sp 2
   \fB-r \fR
.br
               Only displays information about tasks with RUN
               status.
.br
               Cannot be used with -p or -w.
.sp 2
   \fB-w \fR
.br
               Only displays information about tasks with WAIT
               status.
.br
               Cannot be used with -p or -r.
.sp 2
   \fB-Lp “\fIls_project_name\fB...”\fR
.br
               Only displays information about tasks associated
               with the specified projects.
.sp 2
   \fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB..."\fR
.br
               Only displays information about tasks submitted
               from the specified hosts.
.sp 2
   \fB-t “\fIterminal_name\fB...”\fR
.br
               Only displays information about tasks submitted
               from the specified terminals.
.sp 2
   \fB-u “\fIuser_name\fB...”\fR
.br
               Only displays information about tasks submitted by
               the specified users.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints License Scheduler release version to stderr
               and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Default Output"
\fBDefault Output\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the short format with the following information:
.sp 2
   \fBTID\fR
.br
               Task ID that License Scheduler assigned to the
               task.
.sp 2
   \fBUSER\fR
.br
               The user who submitted the task.
.sp 2
   \fBSTAT\fR
.br
               The current status of the task.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     RUN: Task is running.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     WAIT: Task has not yet started.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     PREEMPT: Task has been preempted and
                     currently has no license token.
.sp 2
   \fBHOST\fR
.br
               The name of host from which the task was
               submitted.
.sp 2
   \fBPROJECT\fR
.br
               The name of the project to which the task belongs.
.sp 2
   \fBFEATURES\fR
.br
               Name of the License Scheduler token.
.sp 2
   \fBCONNECT TIME\fR
.br
               The submission time of the task.
.sp 2 .SH "Output for -l Option"
\fBOutput for -l Option\fR
.sp 2
   Displays detailed information for each task in multi-line
   format. If the task is in WAIT status, bltasks displays "The
   application manager is waiting for a token to start" and the
   resource requirement. Otherwise, the current resource usage of
   task is displayed as follows:
.sp 2
   \fBTERMINAL\fR
.br
               The terminal the task is using.
.sp 2
   \fBPGID\fR
.br
               UNIX process group ID.
.sp 2
   \fBCPU\fR
.br
               The total accumulated CPU time of all processes in
               a task, in seconds.
.sp 2
   \fBMEM\fR
.br
               Total resident memory usage of all processes in a
               task, in KB.
.sp 2
   \fBSWAP\fR
.br
               Total virtual memory usage of all processes in a
               task, in KB.
.sp 2
   \fBKeyboard idle since\fR
.br
               Time at which the task became idle.
.sp 2
   \fBRES_REQ\fR
.br
               The resource requirement of the task.
.sp 2
   \fBCommand line\fR
.br
               The command the License Scheduler task manager is
               executing.
.sp 2 .SH "Output for -g Option"
\fBOutput for -g Option\fR
.sp 2
   Displays every task group and information about the tasks that
   belong to the group. The first 4 fields - POLICY, USER, HOST,
   and TERMINAL - define a unique task group. A dash (-) in one
   of these fields means that the group includes all tasks, no
   matter what the value of the field is.
.sp 2
   \fBPOLICY\fR
.br
               License Scheduler token name. All tasks in the
               group request this type of license.
.sp 2
   \fBUSER\fR
.br
               License Scheduler user name. All tasks in the
               group are submitted by this user.
.sp 2
   \fBHOST\fR
.br
               Host name. All tasks in the group are submitted
               from this host.
.sp 2
   \fBTERMINAL\fR
.br
               Terminal name. All tasks in the group are
               submitted using this terminal.
.sp 2
   \fBTASK_NAME\fR
.br
               The task name.
.sp 2
   \fBRUN\fR
.br
               If 0, the group does not have a License Scheduler
               token at this time.
.sp 2
               If 1 or greater, the group has a token and all
               tasks in the group are running.
.sp 2
   \fBTOTAL\fR
.br
               Number of tasks in the group.
.sp 2
   \fBCONNECT_TIME\fR
.br
               Time and date that the group was created (and
               requested a License Scheduler token). If all tasks
               in a group finish, the group releases the License
               Scheduler token, and the next task submitted
               re-creates the group.
.sp 2
