
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH blusers 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBblusers\fR
.sp 2
   displays license usage information
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
blusers [-J | -l | -P -j job_ID -u user_name -m host_name | -P -c
cluster_name -j job_ID -u user_name -m host_name]
.sp 2
blusers [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   By default, displays summarized information about usage of
   licenses.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-J\fR
.br
               Displays detailed license resource request
               information about each job.
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               Long format. Displays additional license usage
               information.
.sp 2
   \fB-P -j \fIjob_ID\fB -u \fIuser_name\fB -m \fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
   \fB-P -c \fIcluster_name\fB -j \fIjob_ID\fB -u \fIuser_name\fB
   -m \fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
               This string of options is designed to be used in a
               customized preemption script. To identify a job,
               specify the LSF job ID, the user name, and the
               name of the host where the job is running.
.br
               (If the job is an interactive task submitted using
               taskman, do not specify \fI-c cluster_name\fR.)
.sp 2
               You see the display terminal used by the job, the
               licenses it has checked out, and the license
               servers that provided the licenses. There is one
               line of output for each license feature from each
               FLEXnet license server, in the format:
.sp 2
               \fIport_number\fR@\fIhost_name token_name
               user_name host_name display\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints License Scheduler release version to stderr
               and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Default Output"
\fBDefault Output\fR
.sp 2
   \fBFEATURE \fR
.br
               The license name. This becomes the license token
               name.
.sp 2
   \fBSERVICE_DOMAIN\fR
.br
               The name of the service domain that provided the
               license.
.sp 2
   \fBUSER \fR
.br
               The name of the user who submitted the jobs.
.sp 2
   \fBHOST \fR
.br
               The name of the host where jobs have started.
.sp 2
   \fBNLICS\fR
.br
               The number of licenses checked out from FLEXnet.
.sp 2
   \fBNTASKS\fR
.br
               The number of running tasks using these licenses.
.sp 2 .SH "-J Output"
\fB-J Output\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the following summary information for each job:
.sp 2
   \fBJOBID \fR
.br
               The job ID assigned by LSF.
.sp 2
   \fBUSER \fR
.br
               The name of the user who submitted the job.
.sp 2
   \fBHOST \fR
.br
               The name of the host where the job has been
               started.
.sp 2
   \fBPROJECT \fR
.br
               The name of the license project that the job is
               associated with.
.sp 2
   \fBCLUSTER \fR
.br
               The name of the LSF cluster that the job is
               associated with. Displays “-” for an interactive
               job.
.sp 2
   \fBSTART_TIME \fR
.br
               The job start time.
.sp 2
               Displays the following information for each
               license in use by the job:
.sp 2
   \fBRESOURCE\fR
.br
               The name of the license requested by the job.
.sp 2
   \fBRUSAGE \fR
.br
               The number of licenses requested by the job.
.sp 2
   \fBSERVICE_DOMAIN\fR
.br
               The name of the service domain that provided the
               license.
.sp 2
               The keyword UNKNOWN means the job requested a
               license from License Scheduler but has not checked
               out the license from FLEXnet.
.sp 2 .SH "Long Output (-l)"
\fBLong Output (-l)\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the default output and the following additional
   information for each job:
.sp 2
   \fBOTHERS\fR
.br
               License usage for non-managed or non-LSF workload.
.sp 2
   \fBDISPLAYS\fR
.br
               Terminal display associated with the license
               feature.
.sp 2 .SH "Viewing license feature locality"
\fBViewing license feature locality\fR
.sp 2
   When LOCAL_TO is configured for a feature in
   lsf.licensescheduler, blusers shows the cluster locality
   information for the license features. For example:
.sp 2
   blusers
.sp 2
   FEATURE          SERVICE_DOMAIN  USER     HOST       NLICS    NTASKS
.sp 2
   hspice@clusterA  SD1             user1    host1      1        1
.sp 2
   hspice@siteB     SD2             user2    host2      1        1
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   blusers -l
.sp 2
   FEATURE  SERVICE_DOMAIN  USER   HOST    NLICS   NTASKS OTHERS  DISPLAYS 
.sp 2
   feat1    LanServer       user1  hostA   1       1      0     (/dev/tty) 
.sp 2
   blusers -J
.sp 2
   JOBID   USER      HOST      PROJECT             CLUSTER        START_TIME
.sp 2
   553     user1     hostA     p3                  cluster1       Oct  5 15:47:14
.sp 2
   RESOURCE        RUSAGE        SERVICE_DOMAIN
.sp 2
   p1_f1           1             app_1
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   blhosts, blinfo, blstat
