
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bmgroup 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbmgroup\fR
.sp 2
   displays information about host groups and compute units
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bmgroup [-r] [-l] [-w] [-cu] [group...]
.sp 2
bmgroup [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays compute units, host groups, host names, and
   administrators for each group or unit.
.sp 2
   By default, displays information about all compute units, host
   partitions, and host groups including host groups created for
   EGO-enabled SLA scheduling.
.sp 2 .SH "Host groups for EGO-enabled SLA"
\fBHost groups for EGO-enabled SLA\fR
.sp 2
   When hosts are allocated to an EGO-enabled SLA, they are
   dynamically added to a host group created by the SLA. The name
   of the host group is _sla_\fIsla_name\fR, where \fIsla_name\fR
   is the name of the EGO-enabled SLA defined in
   lsb.serviceclasses or in ENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA in lsb.params.
   One of the hosts in the host group has the name _virtual.
.sp 2
   When the host is released to EGO, the entry is removed from
   the host group. bmgroup displays the hosts allocated by EGO to
   the host group created by the SLA.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               Displays static and dynamic host group members. A
               ‘+’ sign before the host name indicates that the
               host is dynamic and is currently a member of the
               compute unit, host partitions, or host group. A
               ‘-’ sign before the host name indicates that the
               host is currently not an LSF host but is a member
               of the dynamic group, partition, or unit.
.sp 2
               Also identifies condensed compute units, host
               partitions, or host groups as defined by CONDENSE
               in the \fRHostGroup\fR or \fRComputeUnit\fR
               section of lsb.hosts.
.sp 2
   \fB-r\fR
.br
               Expands host groups, host partitions, and compute
               units recursively. The expanded list contains only
               host names; it does not contain the names of
               subgroups. Duplicate names are listed only once.
.sp 2
   \fB-w\fR
.br
               Wide format. Displays names without truncating
               fields.
.sp 2
   \fB-cu\fR
.br
               Displays compute unit information. Use with
               [\fIcu_name\fR] to display only the specified
               compute unit.
.sp 2
   \fBgroup...\fR
.br
               Only displays information about the specified
               groups (host groups, or compute unit with -cu). Do
               not use quotes when specifying multiple groups.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   In the list of hosts, a name followed by a slash (/) indicates
   a subgroup.
.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   Host groups, compute units, and host partitions are configured
   in the configuration file lsb.hosts(5). Compute unit types are
   defined by \fBCOMPUTE_UNIT_TYPES\fR in lsb.params(5).
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsb.hosts(5), lsb.params(5), bugroup(1), bhosts(1)
.sp 2
