
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bmig 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbmig\fR
.sp 2
   migrates checkpointable or rerunnable jobs
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bmig [-f] [job_ID | "job_ID[index_list]"] ...
.sp 2
bmig [-f] [-J job_name] [-m "host_name ..." | -m "host_group
..."] [-u user_name | -u user_group | -u all] [0]
.sp 2
bmig [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Migrates one or more of your checkpointable or rerunnable jobs
   to a different host. You can migrate only running or suspended
   jobs; you cannot migrate pending jobs. Members of a chunk job
   in the WAIT state can be migrated; LSF removes waiting jobs
   from the job chunk and changes their original dispatch
   sequence.
.sp 2
   By default, migrates the most recently submitted job, or the
   most recently submitted job that also satisfies other
   specified options (-u and -J). Specify 0 (zero) to migrate
   multiple jobs. Only LSF administrators and root can migrate
   jobs submitted by other users. Both the original and the new
   hosts must:
.sp 2
     o  
         Be binary compatible
.sp 2
     o  
         Run the same dot version of the operating system for
         predictable results
.sp 2
     o  
         Have network connectivity and read/execute permissions
         to the checkpoint and restart executables (in
         \fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR by default)
.sp 2
     o  
         Have network connectivity and read/write permissions to
         the checkpoint directory and the checkpoint file
.sp 2
     o  
         Have access to all files open during job execution so
         that LSF can locate them using an absolute path name
.sp 2
   When you migrate a checkpointable job, LSF checkpoints and
   kills the job and then restarts the job on the next available
   host. If checkpoint fails, the job continues to run on the
   original host. If you issue the \fRbmig\fR command while a job
   is being checkpointed—for example, with periodic checkpointing
   enabled—LSF ignores the migration request.
.sp 2
   When you migrate a rerunnable job, LSF kills the job and then
   restarts it from the beginning on the next available host. LSF
   sets the environment variable \fBLSB_RESTART\fR to Y when a
   migrating job restarts or reruns.
.sp 2
      \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
         The user does not receive notification when LSF kills a
         checkpointable or rerunnable job as part of job
         migration.
.sp 2
   In a MultiCluster environment, you must use brun rather than
   bmig to move a job to another host.
.sp 2
   When absolute job priority scheduling (APS) is configured in
   the queue, LSF always schedules migrated jobs before pending
   jobs. For migrated jobs, LSF keeps the existing job priority.
   If \fBLSB_REQUEUE_TO_BOTTOM\fR and \fBLSB_MIG2PEND\fR are
   configured in lsf.conf, the migrated jobs keep their APS
   information, and the migrated jobs compete with other pending
   jobs based on the APS value. If you want to reset the APS
   value, you must use brequeue instead of bmig.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-f\fR
.br
               Forces a checkpointable job to be checkpointed and
               migrated, even if non-checkpointable conditions
               exist within the operating system environment.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID[index_list]\fB" | 0\fR
.br
               Migrates jobs with the specified job IDs. LSF
               ignores the -J and -u options.
.sp 2
               If you specify a job ID of 0 (zero), LSF ignores
               all other job IDs and migrates all jobs that
               satisfy the -J and -u options.
.sp 2
               If you do not specify a job ID, LSF migrates the
               most recently submitted job that satisfies the -J
               and -u options.
.sp 2
   \fB-J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
               Migrates the job with the specified name. Ignored
               if a job ID other than 0 (zero) is specified.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB ..." | -m "\fIhost_group\fB ..."\fR
.br
               Migrates jobs to the specified hosts.
.sp 2
               This option cannot be used on a MultiCluster job;
               bmig can only restart or rerun the job on the
               original host.
.sp 2
   \fB-u "\fIuser_name\fB" | -u "\fIuser_group\fB" | -u all\fR
.br
               Migrates only those jobs submitted by the
               specified users. To specify a Windows user
               account, include the domain name in uppercase
               letters and use a single backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a Windows
               command line or a double backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a UNIX
               command line.
.sp 2
               If you specify the reserved user name \fRall\fR,
               LSF migrates jobs submitted by all users. Ignored
               if a job ID other than 0 (zero) is specified.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bsub, brestart, bchkpnt, bjobs, bqueues, bhosts, bugroup,
   mbatchd, lsb.queues, kill
