
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bmod 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbmod\fR
.sp 2
   modifies job submission options of a job
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bmod [bsub_options] [job_ID | "job_ID[index]"]
.sp 2
bmod [-g job_group_name | -gn] [job_ID]
.sp 2
bmod [-sla service_class_name | -slan] [job_ID]
.sp 2
bmod [-aps "system=value" | "admin=value" | -apsn] [job_ID]
.sp 2
bmod [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Option List"
\fBOption List\fR
.sp 2
[-ar | -arn]
.sp 2
[-B | -Bn]
.sp 2
[-N | -Nn]
.sp 2
[-r | -rn]
.sp 2
[-ul | -uln]
.sp 2
[-x | -xn]
.sp 2
[-a esub_application]
.sp 2
[-app application_profile_name | -appn]
.sp 2
[-aps "system=value" | "admin=value" | -apsn]
.sp 2
[-b begin_time | -bn]
.sp 2
[-C core_limit | -Cn]
.sp 2
[-c [hour:]minute[/host_name | /host_model] | -cn]
.sp 2
[-cwd "current_working_directory" | -cwdn]
.sp 2
[-D data_limit | -Dn]
.sp 2
[-E "pre_exec_command [argument ...]" | -En]
.sp 2
[-Ep "post_exec_command [argument ...]" | -Epn]
.sp 2
[-e err_file | -en]
.sp 2
[-eo err_file | -en]
.sp 2
[-ext[sched] "external_scheduler_options"]
.sp 2
[-F file_limit | -Fn]
.sp 2
[-f "local_file op [remote_file]" ... | -fn]
.sp 2
[-G user_group | -Gn]
.sp 2
[-g job_group_name | -gn]
.sp 2
[-i input_file | -in | -is input_file | -isn]
.sp 2
[-J job_name | -J "%job_limit" | -Jn]
.sp 2
[-Jd "job_description" | -Jdn]
.sp 2
-k "checkpoint_dir [init=initial_checkpoint_period]
[checkpoint_period]" | -kn]
.sp 2
[-L login_shell | -Ln]
.sp 2
[-Lp ls_project_name | -Lpn]
.sp 2
[-M mem_limit | -Mn]
.sp 2
[-m "host_name[@cluster_name][[!] | +[pref_level]] |
host_group[[!] | +[pref_level]| compute_unit[[!] | +[pref_level]]
..." | -mn]
.sp 2
[-mig migration_threshold | -mign]
.sp 2
[-n num_processors | -nn ]
.sp 2
[-o out_file | -on]
.sp 2
[-oo out_file | -oon]
.sp 2
[-P project_name | -Pn]
.sp 2
[-p process_limit | -pn]
.sp 2
[-Q "[exit_code …] [EXCLUDE(exit_code …)]" ]
.sp 2
[-q "queue_name ..." | -qn]
.sp 2
[-R "res_req" [-R "res_req" …] | -Rn]
.sp 2
[-rnc resize_notification_cmd | -rncn ]
.sp 2
[-S stack_limit | -Sn]
.sp 2
[-s signal | -sn]
.sp 2
[-sla service_class_name | -slan]
.sp 2
[-sp priority | -spn]
.sp 2
[-T thread_limit | -Tn]
.sp 2
[-t term_time | -tn]
.sp 2
[-U reservation_ID |-Un]
.sp 2
[-u mail_user | -un]
.sp 2
[-v swap_limit | -vn]
.sp 2
[-W [hour:]minute[/host_name | /host_model] | -Wn]
.sp 2
[-We [hour:]minute[/host_name | /host_model] | -Wep [value] |
-We+ [hour:]minute] | -Wen]
.sp 2
[-w 'dependency_expression' | -wn]
.sp 2
[-wa '[signal | command | CHKPNT]' | -wan]
.sp 2
[-wt 'job_warning_time' | -wtn]
.sp 2
[-Z "new_command" | -Zs "new_command" | -Zsn]
.sp 2
[job_ID | "job_ID[index]"]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Modifies the options of a previously submitted job. See bsub
   for complete descriptions of job submission options you can
   modify with bmod.
.sp 2
   Only the owner of the job, or LSF administrators, can modify
   the options of a job.
.sp 2
   All options specified at submission time may be changed. The
   value for each option may be overridden with a new value by
   specifying the option as in bsub. To reset an option to its
   default value, use the option string followed by 'n'. Do not
   specify an option value when resetting an option.
.sp 2
   The -i, -in, and -Z options have counterparts that support
   spooling of input and job command files (-is, -isn, -Zs, and
   -Zsn).
.sp 2
   Options related to file names and job spooling directories
   support paths that contain up to 4094 characters for UNIX, or
   up to 255 characters for Windows.
.sp 2
   Options related to command names can contain up to 4094
   characters for UNIX, or up to 255 characters for Window;
   options related to job names can contain up to 4094
   characters.
.sp 2
   You can modify all options of a pending job, even if the
   corresponding bsub option was not specified.
.sp 2
   Modifying a job that is pending in a chunk job queue
   (CHUNK_JOB_SIZE) removes the job from the chunk to be
   scheduled later.
.sp 2
   Like bsub, bmod calls the master esub (mesub), which invokes
   any mandatory esub executables configured by an LSF
   administrator, and any executable named esub
   (without\fI.application\fR) if it exists in
   \fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR. Only esub executables invoked by bsub can
   change the job environment on the submission host. An esub
   invoked by bmod cannot change the job environment.
.sp 2
   -b modifies the job begin time. If the year field is specified
   and the specified time is in the past, the start time
   condition is considered reached and LSF dispatches the job if
   slots are available.
.sp 2
   -t modifies job termination time. If the year field is
   specified and the specified time is in the past, the job
   modification request is rejected.
.sp 2
   -cwdn sets the current working directory for the job to the
   directory where bmod is running.
.sp 2
   -Epn cancels the setting of job-level post-execution commands.
   The job-level post-execution commands do not run.
   Application-level post-execution commands run if they exist.
.sp 2
   For resizable jobs, bmod -R "rusage[mem | swp]" only affects
   the resize allocation request if the job has not been
   dispatched.
.sp 2
   -m modifies the first execution host list. When used with a
   compound resource requirement, the first host allocated must
   satisfy the simple resource requirement string appearing first
   in the compound resource requirement.
.sp 2
   -rn resets the rerunnable job setting specified by bsub –rn or
   bsub -r. The application profile and queue level rerunnable
   job setting if any is used. bmod -rn does not disable or
   override job rerun if the job was submitted to a rerunnable
   queue or application profile with job rerun configured. bmod
   –rn is different from bsub -rn, which does override the
   application profile and queue level rerunnable job setting.
.sp 2
   -uln sets the user shell limits for pending jobs to their
   default values. -uln is not supported on Windows.
.sp 2
   -Wen cancels the estimated job runtime. The runtime estimate
   does not take effect for the job.
.sp 2
   -Q does not affect running jobs. For rerunnable and requeue
   jobs, -Q affects the next run.
.sp 2 .SH "Modifying running jobs"
\fBModifying running jobs\fR
.sp 2
   By default, you can modify resource requirements for running
   jobs (-R "\fIres_req\fR" except -R "cu[\fIcu_string\fR]") and
   the estimated running time for running or suspended jobs (-We,
   -We+, -Wep). To modify additional job options for running
   jobs, define LSB_MOD_ALL_JOBS=Y in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   When LSB_MOD_ALL_JOBS=Y is set, the following are the only
   bmod options that are valid for running jobs. You cannot make
   any other modifications after a job has been dispatched.
.sp 2
     o  
         CPU limit
         (-c [\fIhour\fR:]\fIminute\fR[/\fIhost_name\fR | /\fIhost_model\fR])
.sp 2
     o  
         Memory limit (-M \fImem_limit\fR)
.sp 2
     o  
         Rerunnable jobs (-r | -rn)
.sp 2
     o  
         Resource requirements (-R "\fIres_req\fR" except -R
         "cu[\fIcu_string\fR]")
.sp 2
     o  
         Run limit (-W \fIrun_limit\fR[/\fIhost_name\fR |
         /\fIhost_model\fR])
.sp 2
     o  
         Standard output (stdout) file name up to 4094 characters
         for UNIX and Linux or 255 characters for Windows (-o
         \fIoutput_file\fR)
.sp 2
     o  
         Standard error (stderr) file name up to 4094 characters
         for UNIX and Linux or 255 characters for Windows (-e
         \fIerror_file\fR)
.sp 2
     o  
         Overwrite standard output (stdout) file name up to 4094
         characters for UNIX and Linux or 255 characters for
         Windows (-oo \fIoutput_file\fR)
.sp 2
     o  
         Overwrite standard error (stderr) file name up to 4094
         characters for UNIX and Linux or 255 characters for
         Windows (-eo \fIerror_file\fR)
.sp 2
   Modified resource usage limits cannot exceed limits defined in
   the queue.
.sp 2
   To modify the CPU limit or the memory limit of running jobs,
   the parameters LSB_JOB_CPULIMIT=Y and LSB_JOB_MEMLIMIT=Y must
   be defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   If you want to specify array dependency by array name, set
   JOB_DEP_LAST_SUB in lsb.params. If you do not have this
   parameter set, the job is rejected if one of your previous
   arrays has the same name but a different index.
.sp 2
   By default, options for the following resource usage limits
   are specified in KB:
.sp 2
     o  
         Core limit (-C)
.sp 2
     o  
         Memory limit (-M)
.sp 2
     o  
         Stack limit (-S)
.sp 2
     o  
         Swap limit (-v)
.sp 2
   Use LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS in lsf.conf to specify a different
   unit for the limit (MB, GB, TB, PB, or EB).
.sp 2 .SH "Modifying resource requirements"
\fBModifying resource requirements\fR
.sp 2
   The -R option of bmod completely replaces any previous
   resource requirement specification. It does not add the
   modification to the existing specification. For example, if
   you submit a job with
.sp 2
   bsub -R "rusage[res1=1]"
.sp 2
   then modify it with
.sp 2
   bmod -R "rusage[res2=1]"
.sp 2
   the new resource usage requirement for the job is
   \fR[res2=1]\fR, not \fR[res1=1; res2=1]\fR.
.sp 2
   bmod does not support the OR (||) operator on the -R option.
.sp 2
   bmod does not support multiple -R option strings for
   multi-phase rusage resource requirements.
.sp 2
   Modified rusage consumable resource requirements for pending
   jobs must satisfy any limits set by the parameter
   \fBRESRSV_LIMIT\fR in lsb.queues. For running jobs, the
   maximums set by RESRSV_LIMIT must be satisfied but the
   modified rusage values can be lower than the minimum values.
.sp 2
   Changes to multi-phase rusage strings on running jobs such as
   bmod -R "rusage[mem=(mem1 mem2):duration=(dur1 dur2)]" take
   effect immediately, and change the remainder of the current
   phase.
.sp 2
   For example, a job is submitted with the following resource
   requirements:
.sp 2
   bsub -R "rusage[mem=(500 300 200):duration=(20 30):decay=(1 0)]" myjob
.sp 2
   and after 15 minutes of runtime, the following modification is
   issued:
.sp 2
   bmod -R "rusage[mem=(400 300):duration=(20 10):decay=(1 0)]" job_ID
.sp 2
   The resulting rusage string is:
.sp 2
   rusage[mem=(400 300):duration=(20 10):decay=(1 0)]
.sp 2
   The running job will reserve (400-((400-300)*15/20)))=325 MB
   memory with decay for the next (20-15)=5 minutes of runtime.
   The second phase will then start, reserving 300 MB of memory
   for the next 10 minutes with no decay, and end up with no
   memory reserved for the rest of the runtime.
.sp 2
   If after 25 minutes of runtime another modification is issued:
.sp 2
   bmod -R "rusage[mem=(200 100):duration=(20 10):decay=(1 0)]" job_ID
.sp 2
   The job will reserve 100 MB of memory with no decay for the
   next 5 minutes of runtime, followed by no reserved memory for
   the remainder of the job.
.sp 2
   To remove all of the string input specified using the bsub
   command, use the -Rn option.
.sp 2 .SH "Modifying the estimated run time of jobs"
\fBModifying the estimated run time of jobs\fR
.sp 2
   The following options allow you to modify a job’s estimated
   run time:
.sp 2
     o  
         -We
         [\fIhour\fR\fR:\fR]\fIminute\fR[\fR/\fR\fIhost_name\fR |
         \fR/\fR\fIhost_model\fR]: Sets an estimated run time.
         Specifying a host or host model normalizes the time with
         the CPU factor (time/CPU factor) of the host or model.
.sp 2
     o  
         -We+ [\fIhour\fR\fR:\fR]\fIminute\fR]: Sets an estimated
         run time that is the value you specify added to the
         accumulated run time. For example, if you specify
         \fR-We+ 30\fR and the job has already run for 60
         minutes, the new estimated run time is now 90 minutes.
.sp 2
         Specifying a host or host model normalizes the time with
         the CPU factor (time/CPU factor) of the host or model.
.sp 2
     o  
         -Wep [\fIvalue\fR]: Sets an estimated run time that is
         the percentage of job completion that you specify added
         to the accumulated run time. For example, if you specify
         \fR-Wep+ 25\fR (meaning that the job is 25% complete)
         and the job has already run for 60 minutes, the new
         estimated run time is now 240 minutes.
.sp 2
         The range of valid values is greater than 0 and less
         than or equal to 100. Two digits after decimal are
         supported.
.sp 2
         Specifying a host or host model normalizes the time with
         the CPU factor of the host or model (time/CPU factor).
.sp 2 .SH "Modifying job groups"
\fBModifying job groups\fR
.sp 2
   Use the -g option of bmod and specify a job group path to move
   a job or a job array from one job group to another. For
   example:
.sp 2
   bmod -g /risk_group/portfolio2/monthly 105
.sp 2
   moves job 105 to job group
   \fR/risk_group/portfolio2/monthly\fR.
.sp 2
   Like bsub -g, if the job group does not exist, LSF creates it.
.sp 2
   bmod -g cannot be combined with other bmod options. It can
   only operate on pending jobs. It cannot operate on running or
   finished jobs.
.sp 2
   You can modify your own job groups and job groups that other
   users create under your job groups. LSF administrators can
   modify job groups of all users.
.sp 2
   You cannot move job array elements from one job group to
   another, only entire job arrays. If any job array elements in
   a job array are running, you cannot move the job array to
   another group. A job array can only belong to one job group at
   a time.
.sp 2
   You cannot modify the job group of a job attached to a service
   class.
.sp 2 .SH "Modifying jobs in service classes"
\fBModifying jobs in service classes\fR
.sp 2
   The -sla option modifies a job by attaching it to the
   specified service class. The -slan option detaches the
   specified job from a service class. If the service class does
   not exist, the job is not modified. For example:
.sp 2
   bmod -sla Kyuquot 2307
.sp 2
   attaches job 2307 to the service class \fRKyuquot\fR.
.sp 2
   bmod -slan 2307
.sp 2
   detaches job 2307 from the service class \fRKyuquot\fR. If a
   default SLA is configured in lsb.params, the job is moved to
   the default service class.
.sp 2
   You cannot
.sp 2
     o  
         Use -sla with other bmod options
.sp 2
     o  
         Move job array elements from one service class to
         another, only entire job arrays
.sp 2
     o  
         Modify the service class of job already attached to a
         job group. Use bsla to display the configuration
         properties of service classes configured in
         lsb.serviceclasses, the default SLA configured in
         lsb.params, and dynamic information about the state of
         each service class.
.sp 2
   If a default SLA is configured in lsb.params, bmod -slan moves
   the job to the default SLA. If the job is already attached to
   the default SLA, bmod -slan has no effect on that job.
.sp 2 .SH "Modifying jobs associated with application profiles"
\fBModifying jobs associated with application profiles\fR
.sp 2
   The -app option modifies a job by associating it to the
   specified application profile. The -appn option dissociates
   the specified job from its application profile. If the
   application profile does not exist, the job is not modified.
.sp 2
   You can only modify the application profile for pending jobs.
   For example:
.sp 2
   bmod -app fluent 2308
.sp 2
   associates job 2308 with the application profile \fRfluent\fR.
.sp 2
   \fRbmod -appn 2308\fR
.sp 2
   dissociates job 2308 from the service class \fRfluent\fR.
.sp 2
   Use bapp to display the properties of application profiles
   configured in
   LSB_CONFDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/configdir/lsb.applications.
.sp 2 .SH "Modifying absolute priority scheduling options"
\fBModifying absolute priority scheduling options\fR
.sp 2
   Administrators can use bmod -aps to adjust the APS value for
   pending jobs. bmod -apsn cancels previous bmod -aps settings.
   You cannot combing bmod -aps with other bmod options.
.sp 2
   You can only change the APS value for pending resizable jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-aps "system=\fIvalue\fB" \fIjob_ID\fB\fR
.br
               Set a static non-zero APS value of a pending job.
               Setting a system APS value overrides any
               calculated APS value for the job. The system APS
               value cannot be applied to running jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-aps "admin=\fIvalue\fB" \fIjob_ID\fB\fR
.br
               Set a non-zero ADMIN factor value for a pending
               job. The ADMIN factor adjusts the calculated APS
               value higher or lower. A negative admin value is
               lowers the calculated APS value, and a positive
               value raises the calculated APS value relative to
               other pending jobs in the APS queue.
.sp 2
               You cannot configure APS weight, limit, or grace
               period for the ADMIN factor. The ADMIN factor
               takes effect as soon as it is set.
.sp 2
   \fB-apsn\fR
.br
               Run bmod -apsn to cancel previous bmod -aps
               settings. You cannot apply bmod -apsn on running
               jobs in an APS queue. An error is issued if the
               job has no system APS priority or ADMIN factor
               set.
.sp 2 .SH "Modifying resizable jobs"
\fBModifying resizable jobs\fR
.sp 2
   Use the -rnc and -ar options to modify the autoresizable
   attribute or resize notification command for resizable jobs.
   You can only modify the autoresizable attribute for pending
   jobs (PSUSP or PEND). You can only modify the resize
   notification command for unfinished jobs (not DONE or EXIT
   jobs).
.sp 2
   \fB-rnc \fIresize_notification_cmd\fB\fR
.br
               Specify the name of an executable to be invoked on
               the first execution host when the job allocation
               has been modified (both shrink and grow). bmod
               -rnc overrides any notification command specified
               in the application profile.
.sp 2
   \fB-rncn \fR
.br
               Remove the notification command setting from the
               job.
.sp 2
   \fB-ar\fR
.br
               Specify that the job is autoresizable.
.sp 2
   \fB-arn\fR
.br
               Remove job-level autoresizable attribute from the
               job.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]"\fR
.br
               Modifies jobs with the specified job ID.
.sp 2
               Modifies job array elements specified by
               \fR"\fR\fIjob_ID\fR\fR[\fR\fIindex\fR\fR]"\fR.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Limitations"
\fBLimitations\fR
.sp 2
   Modifying remote running jobs in a MultiCluster environment is
   not supported.
.sp 2
   If you do not specify -e or -eo before the job is dispatched,
   you cannot modify the name of job error file for a running
   job. Modifying the job output options of remote running jobs
   is not supported.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bsub
.sp 2
