
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bpeek 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbpeek\fR
.sp 2
   displays the stdout and stderr output of an unfinished job
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bpeek [-f] [-q queue_name | -m host_name | -J job_name | job_ID |
"job_ID[index_list]"]
.sp 2
bpeek [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the standard output and standard error output that
   have been produced by one of your unfinished jobs, up to the
   time that this command is invoked.
.sp 2
   By default, displays the output using the command cat.
.sp 2
   This command is useful for monitoring the progress of a job
   and identifying errors. If errors are observed, valuable user
   time and system resources can be saved by terminating an
   erroneous job.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-f\fR
.br
               Displays the output of the job using the command
               tail -f.
.sp 2
   \fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB \fR
.br
               Operates on your most recently submitted job in
               the specified queue.
.sp 2
   \fB-m \fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
               Operates on your most recently submitted job that
               has been dispatched to the specified host.
.sp 2
   \fB-J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
               Operates on your most recently submitted job that
               has the specified job name.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID[index_list]\fB" \fR
.br
               Operates on the specified job.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   cat, tail, bsub, \fR\fRbjobs, \fR\fRbhist, \fR\fRbhosts,
   \fR\fRbqueues
.sp 2
