
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bpost 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbpost\fR
.sp 2
   sends external status messages and attaches data files to a
   job
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bpost [-i message_index] [-d "description"] [-a data_file] job_ID
| "job_ID[index]" | -J job_name
.sp 2
bpost [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Provides external status information or sends data to a job in
   the system. Done or exited jobs cannot accept messages.
.sp 2
   By default, operates on the message index 0. By default, posts
   the message \fR"no description"\fR.
.sp 2
   If a you specify a job ID:
.sp 2
     o  
         You can only send messages and data to your own jobs.
.sp 2
     o  
         You cannot send messages and data to jobs submitted by
         other users.
.sp 2
     o  
         Only root and LSF administrators can send messages to
         jobs submitted by other users.
.sp 2
     o  
         Root and LSF administrators cannot attach data files to
         jobs submitted by other users.
.sp 2
   Job names are not unique; if you specify -J \fIjob_name\fR:
.sp 2
     o  
         You can only send messages and data to your own jobs.
.sp 2
     o  
         You cannot send messages and data to jobs submitted by
         other users.
.sp 2
     o  
         Root and the LSF administrators can only send messages
         and data to their own jobs.
.sp 2
   A job can accept messages until it is cleaned from the system.
   If your application requires transfer of data from one job to
   another, use the -a option of bpost(1) to attach a data file
   to the job, then use the bread(1) command to copy the
   attachment to another file.
.sp 2
   You can associate several messages and attached data files
   with the same job. As the job is processed, use bread(1) or
   bstatus(1) to retrieve the messages posted to the job. Use
   bread(1) to copy message attachments to external files.
.sp 2
   For example, your application may require additional job
   status descriptions besides the ones that LSF provides
   internally (PEND, RUN, SUSP, etc.) Use the -d option to place
   your own status or job description text as a message to the
   job.
.sp 2
   You can also use bstatus -d to update the external job status.
   The command:
.sp 2
   bstatus -d "description" myjob
.sp 2
   is equivalent to:
.sp 2
   \fRbpost -i 0 -d "description" myjob\fR
.sp 2
   With MultiCluster, both clusters must run LSF Version 7 or
   later. You cannot post a message to a MultiCluster job if the
   clusters are disconnected. You cannot attach files to
   MultiCluster jobs.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-a \fIdata_file\fB\fR
.br
               Attaches the specified data file to the job
               external storage. This option is ignored for
               MultiCluster jobs; you can only attach a file if
               the job executes in the local cluster.
.sp 2
               Use the JOB_ATTA_DIR parameter in lsb.params(5) to
               specify the directory where attachment data files
               are saved. The directory must have at least 1 MB
               of free space. mbatchd checks for available space
               in the job attachment directory before
               transferring the file.
.sp 2
               Use the MAX_JOB_ATTA_SIZE parameter in lsb.params
               to set a maximum size for job message attachments.
.sp 2
   \fB-d "\fIdescription\fB"\fR
.br
               Places your own status text as a message to the
               job. The message description has a maximum length
               of 512 characters.
.sp 2
               For example, your application may require
               additional job status descriptions besides the
               ones that LSF provides internally (PEND, RUN,
               SUSP, etc.)
.sp 2
               Default: \fR"no description"\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-i \fImessage_index\fB\fR
.br
               Operates on the specified message index.
.sp 2
               Default: 0
.sp 2
               Use the MAX_JOB_MSG_NUM parameter in lsb.params to
               set a maximum number of messages for a job. With
               MultiCluster, to avoid conflicts, MAX_JOB_MSG_NUM
               should be the same in all clusters.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID[index]\fB" | -J \fIjob_name\fB
   \fR
.br
               Required. Operates on the specified job. With
               MultiCluster job forwarding model, you must always
               use the local job ID.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   bpost -i 1 -d "step 1" -a step1.out 2500
.sp 2
   Puts the message text \fRstep 1\fR into message index 1, and
   attaches the file step1.out to job 2500.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bread(1), bstatus(1), MAX_JOB_ATTA_SIZE, MAX_JOB_MSG_NUM
