
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bread 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbread\fR
.sp 2
   reads messages and attached data files from a job
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bread [-i message_index] [-a file_name] job_ID | "job_ID[index]"
| -J job_name
.sp 2
bread [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Reads messages and data posted to an unfinished job with
   bpost.
.sp 2
   By default, displays the message description text of the job.
   By default, operates on the message with index 0.
.sp 2
   You can read messages and data from a job until it is cleaned
   from the system. You cannot read messages and data from done
   or exited jobs.
.sp 2
   If a you specify a job ID:
.sp 2
     o  
         You can get read messages of jobs submitted by other
         users, but you cannot read data files attached to jobs
         submitted by other users.
.sp 2
     o  
         You can only read data files attached to your own jobs.
.sp 2
     o  
         Root and LSF administrators can read messages of jobs
         submitted by other users.
.sp 2
     o  
         Root and LSF administrators cannot read data files
         attached to jobs submitted by other users.
.sp 2
   Job names are not unique; if you specify -J \fIjob_name\fR:
.sp 2
     o  
         You only can read messages and data from your own jobs.
.sp 2
     o  
         You cannot read messages and data from jobs submitted by
         other users.
.sp 2
     o  
         Root and the LSF administrators can only read messages
         and data from their own jobs.
.sp 2
   The command:
.sp 2
   bstatus
.sp 2
   is equivalent to:
.sp 2
   bread -i 0
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-a \fIfile_name\fB\fR
.br
               Gets the text message and copies the data file
               attached to the specified message index of the job
               to the file specified by \fIfile_name\fR. Data
               files cannot be attached to MultiCluster jobs.
.sp 2
               If you do not specify a message index, copies the
               attachment of message index 0 to the file. The job
               must have an attachment, and you must specify a
               name for the file you are copying the attachment
               to. If the file already exists, -a overwrites it
               with the new file.
.sp 2
               By default, -a gets the attachment file from the
               directory specified by the JOB_ATTA_DIR parameter.
               If JOB_ATTA_DIR is not specified, job message
               attachments are saved in LSB_SHAREDIR/info/.
.sp 2
   \fB-i \fImessage_index\fB\fR
.br
               Specifies the message index to be retrieved.
.sp 2
               Default: 0
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID[index]\fB" | -J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
               Required. Specify the job to operate on.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   bpost -i 1 -d "step 1" -a step1.out 2500
.sp 2
   bread -i 1 -a step2.in 2500
.sp 2
   JOBID      MSG_ID FROM      POST_TIME      DESCRIPTION
.sp 2
   2500       1      user1     May 19 13:59   step 1
.sp 2
   Displays the message description text\fR step 1\fR for message
   index 1 of job 2500 and copies the data in the file
   \fRstep1.out\fR attached to message 1 to the file
   \fRstep2.in\fR.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bpost(1), bstatus(1), bsub(1), JOB_ATTA_DIR
