
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH brequeue 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbrequeue\fR
.sp 2
   kills and requeues a job
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
brequeue [-J job_name | -J "job_name[index_list]"] [ -u user_name
| -u all ] [ job_ID | "job_ID[index_list]"] [-d] [-e] [-r] [-a]
[-H]
.sp 2
brequeue [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   You can only use brequeue on a job you own, unless you are
   root or the LSF administrator.
.sp 2
   Kills a running (RUN), user-suspended (USUSP), or
   system-suspended (SSUSP) job and returns it to the queue. A
   job that is killed and requeued retains its submit time but is
   dispatched according to its requeue time. When the job is
   requeued, it is assigned the PEND status or PSUSP if the -H
   option is used. Once dispatched, the job starts over from the
   beginning. The requeued job keeps the same job ID.
.sp 2
   When JOB_INCLUDE_POSTPROC=Y is set in lsb.params or in an
   application profile in lsb.applications, job requeue occurs
   only after post-execution processing, not when the job
   finishes.
.sp 2
   Use brequeue to requeue job arrays or job array elements.
.sp 2
   By default, kills and requeues your most recently submitted
   job when no job ID is specified.
.sp 2
   With MultiCluster, you can only use brequeue on jobs in local
   queues. A job that is killed and requeued is assigned a new
   job ID on the cluster in which it is executed, but it retains
   the same job ID on the cluster from which it was submitted.
   For example, a job from cluster A that is killed and requeued
   and then run on cluster B is assigned a new job ID on cluster
   B. However, when the bjobs command is used from cluster A, the
   submitting cluster, the job is displayed with the original job
   ID. When the bjobs command is used from cluster B, the
   execution cluster, the job is displayed with the new job ID.
.sp 2
   When absolute job priority scheduling (APS) is configured in
   the queue, all requeued jobs are treated as newly submitted
   jobs for APS calculation. The job priority, system, and ADMIN
   APS factors are reset on requeue.
.sp 2
   When using multi-phase rusage resource requirement strings,
   such as with bsub -R, the requeued job is treated as a new job
   and resources are reserved from the beginning of the first
   phase.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-a\fR
.br
               Requeues all jobs including running jobs,
               suspending jobs, and jobs with EXIT or DONE
               status.
.sp 2
   \fB-d\fR
.br
               Requeues jobs that have finished running with DONE
               job status.
.sp 2
   \fB-e\fR
.br
               Requeues jobs that have terminated abnormally with
               EXIT job status.
.sp 2
   \fB-H\fR
.br
               Requeues jobs to PSUSP job status.
.sp 2
   \fB-r\fR
.br
               Requeues jobs that are running.
.sp 2
   \fB-J \fIjob_name\fB | -J "\fIjob_name[index_list]\fB"\fR
.br
               Operates on the specified job.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u all \fR
.br
               Operates on the specified user’s jobs or all jobs.
               To specify a Windows user account, include the
               domain name in uppercase letters and use a single
               backslash (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR) in
               a Windows command line or a double backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a UNIX
               command line.
.sp 2
               Only \fRroot\fR and LSF administrators can requeue
               jobs submitted by other users.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB |"\fIjob_ID[index_list]\fB"\fR
.br
               Operates on the specified job or job array
               elements.
.sp 2
               The value of 0 for \fIjob_ID\fR is ignored.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Limitations"
\fBLimitations\fR
.sp 2
   brequeue cannot be used on interactive batch jobs; brequeue
   only kills interactive batch jobs, it does not restart them.
.sp 2
