
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH brestart 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbrestart\fR
.sp 2
   restarts checkpointed jobs
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
brestart [bsub_options] [-f] checkpoint_dir [job_ID |
"job_ID[index]"]
.sp 2
brestart [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Option List"
\fBOption List\fR
.sp 2
-B
.sp 2
-f
.sp 2
-N
.sp 2
-x
.sp 2
-b begin_time
.sp 2
-C core_limit
.sp 2
-c [hour:]minute[/host_name | /host_model]
.sp 2
-D data_limit
.sp 2
-E "pre_exec_command [argument ...]"
.sp 2
-F file_limit
.sp 2
-m "host_name[+[pref_level]] | host_group[+[pref_level]] ..."
.sp 2
-G user_group
.sp 2
-M mem_limit
.sp 2
-q "queue_name ..."
.sp 2
-S stack_limit
.sp 2
-t term_time
.sp 2
-w 'dependency_expression'
.sp 2
-W run_limit[/host_name| /host_model]
.sp 2
checkpoint_dir [job_ID | "job_ID[index]"]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Restarts a checkpointed job using the checkpoint files saved
   in \fIcheckpoint_dir/last_job_ID/\fR. Only jobs that have been
   successfully checkpointed can be restarted.
.sp 2
   Jobs are re-submitted and assigned a new job ID. The
   checkpoint directory is renamed using the new job ID,
   \fIcheckpoint_dir/new_job_ID/. \fR
.sp 2
   The file path of the checkpoint directory can contain up to
   4094 characters for UNIX and Linux, or up to 255 characters
   for Windows, including the directory and file name.
.sp 2
   By default, jobs are restarted with the same output file and
   file transfer specifications, job name, window signal value,
   checkpoint directory and period, and rerun options as the
   original job.
.sp 2
   To restart a job on another host, both hosts must be binary
   compatible, run the same OS version, have access to the
   executable, have access to all open files (LSF must locate
   them with an absolute path name), and have access to the
   checkpoint directory.
.sp 2
   The environment variable LSB_RESTART is set to Y when a job is
   restarted.
.sp 2
   LSF invokes the erestart(8) executable found in LSF_SERVERDIR
   to perform the restart.
.sp 2
   Only the bsub options listed here can be used with brestart.
.sp 2
   Like bsub, brestart calls the master esub (mesub), which
   invokes any mandatory esub executables configured by an LSF
   administrator, and any executable named esub (without
   \fI.application\fR) if it exists in \fBLSF_SERVERDIR\fR. Only
   esub executables invoked by bsub can change the job
   environment on the submission host. An esub invoked by
   brestart cannot change the job environment.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   The following option applies only to brestart.
.sp 2
   \fB-f\fR
.br
               Forces the job to be restarted even if
               non-restartable conditions exist (these conditions
               are operating system specific).
.sp 2
   See bsub(1) for a description of all other options.
.sp 2 .SH "Limitations"
\fBLimitations\fR
.sp 2
   In kernel-level checkpointing, you cannot change the value of
   core limit, CPU limit, stack limit or memory limit with
   brestart.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bsub(1), bjobs(1), bmod(1), bqueues(1), bhosts(1), bchkpnt(1),
   lsbqueues(5), \fRechkpnt\fR(8), \fRerestart\fR(8),
   \fRmbatchd\fR(8)
