
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bresume 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbresume\fR
.sp 2
   resumes one or more suspended jobs
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bresume [-app application_profile_name] [-g job_group_name] [-J
job_name] [-m host_name] [-q queue_name] [-sla
service_class_name] [-u user_name | -u user_group | -u all] [0]
.sp 2
bresume [job_ID | "job_ID[index_list]"] ...
.sp 2
bresume [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Sends the SIGCONT signal to resume one or more of your
   suspended jobs.
.sp 2
   Only root and LSF administrators can operate on jobs submitted
   by other users. You cannot resume a job that is not suspended.
   Using bresume on a job that is not in either the PSUSP or the
   USUSP state has no effect.
.sp 2
   You must specify a job ID or -g, -J, -m, -u, or -q. You cannot
   resume a job that is not suspended. Specify 0 (zero) to resume
   multiple jobs.
.sp 2
   You can also use bkill -s CONT to send the resume signal to a
   job.
.sp 2
   If a signal request fails to reach the job execution host, LSF
   retries the operation later when the host becomes reachable.
   LSF retries the most recent signal request.
.sp 2
   Jobs that are suspended by the administrator can only be
   resumed by the administrator or root; users do not have
   permission to resume a job suspended by another user or the
   administrator. Administrators or root can resume jobs
   suspended by users or administrators.
.sp 2 .SH "ENABLE_USER_RESUME parameter (lsb.params)"
\fBENABLE_USER_RESUME parameter (lsb.params)\fR
.sp 2
   If ENABLE_USER_RESUME=Y in lsb.params, users can resume their
   own jobs that have been suspended by the administrator.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB0\fR
.br
               Resumes all the jobs that satisfy other options
               (-g, -m, -q, -u, and -J).
.sp 2
   \fB-app \fIapplication_profile_name\fB\fR
.br
               Resumes only jobs associated with the specified
               application profile. You must specify an existing
               application profile.
.sp 2
   \fB-g \fIjob_group_name\fB\fR
.br
               Resumes only jobs in the specified job group.
.sp 2
   \fB-J \fIjob_name\fB \fR
.br
               Resumes only jobs with the specified name.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB-m \fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
               Resumes only jobs dispatched to the specified
               host.
.sp 2
   \fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB \fR
.br
               Resumes only jobs in the specified queue.
.sp 2
   \fB-sla \fIservice_class_name\fB\fR
.br
               Resume jobs belonging to the specified service
               class.
.br
               Use bsla to display the properties of service
               classes configured in
               LSB_CONFDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/configdir/lsb.serviceclasses
               (see lsb.serviceclasses(5)) and dynamic
               information about the state of each configured
               service class.
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u \fIuser_group\fB | -u all \fR
.br
               Resumes only jobs owned by the specified user or
               group, or all users if the reserved user name all
               is specified. To specify a Windows user account,
               include the domain name in uppercase letters and
               use a single backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a Windows
               command line or a double backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a UNIX
               command line.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB ... | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex_list\fB]" ... \fR
.br
               Resumes only the specified jobs. Jobs submitted by
               any user can be specified here without using the
               -u option.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   bresume -q night 0
.sp 2
   Resumes all of the user’s suspended jobs that are in the
   \fRnight\fR queue. If the user is the LSF administrator,
   resumes all suspended jobs in the \fRnight\fR queue.
.sp 2
   bresume -g /risk_group 0
.sp 2
   Resumes all suspended jobs in the job group \fR/risk_group\fR.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bsub(1), bjobs(1), bqueues(1), bhosts(1), bstop(1), bkill(1),
   bgadd(1), bgdel(1), bjgroup(1), bparams(1), bapp(1),
   mbatchd(8), kill(1), signal(2) lsb.params(5),
   lsb.applications(5)
.sp 2
