
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH brlainfo 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbrlainfo\fR
.sp 2
   displays host topology information
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
brlainfo [-l] [host_name ...]
.sp 2
brlainfo [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   brlainfo contacts the Platform LSF HPC topology adapter (RLA)
   on the specified host and presents topology information to the
   user. By default, displays information about all hosts running
   RLA.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               Long format. Displays additional host topology
               information.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
               Only displays information about the specified
               host.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Default output"
\fBDefault output\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBHOSTNAME\fR
.br
               Name of the host running RLA
.sp 2
   \fBCPUSET_OS \fR
.br
               RLA host operating system
.sp 2
   \fBNCPUS \fR
.br
               Total number of CPUs
.sp 2
   \fBFREECPUS\fR
.br
               Number of free CPUS
.sp 2
   \fBNNODES\fR
.br
               Number of nodes allocated
.sp 2
   \fBNCPU/NODE \fR
.br
               Number of CPUs per node
.sp 2
   \fBNSTATIC_CPUSETS\fR
.br
               Number of static cpusets allocated
.sp 2 .SH "Long output (-l)"
\fBLong output (-l)\fR
.sp 2
   The \fR-l\fR option displays a long format listing with the
   following additional fields:
.sp 2
   \fBFREE CPU LIST\fR
.br
               List of free CPUs in the cpuset
.sp 2
               For example:
.sp 2
               0-2
.sp 2
   \fBNFREECPUS ON EACH NODE\fR
.br
               Number of free CPUs on each node
.sp 2
               For example:
.sp 2
               2/0,1/1
.sp 2
   \fBSTATIC CPUSETS\fR
.br
               List of static cpuset names
.sp 2
               For example:
.sp 2
               NO STATIC CPUSETS
.sp 2
   \fBCPU_RADIUS\fR
.br
               For example:
.sp 2
               2,3,3,3,3,3,3,3
.sp 2
                 o  
                     2 CPUs are available within radius 0
.sp 2
                 o  
                     3 CPUs are available within radius 1, 2, 3,
                     4, 5, 6, and 7.
.sp 2
               CPUs grouped within a smaller radius can be
               thought of as being closer together and therefore
               have better communications performance.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   brlainfo hostA hostB hostCHOSTNAME          CPUSET_OS  NCPUS  NFREECPUS NNODES  NCPU/NODE NSTATIC_CPUSETShostA             SGI_IRIX   2      2         1       2         0hostB             PROPACK_4  4      4         2       2         0hostC             PROPACK_4  4      3         2       2         0brlainfo -lHOST: hostCCPUSET_OS   NCPUS  NFREECPUS NNODES  NCPU/NODE NSTATIC_CPUSETSPROPACK_4   4      3         2       2         0FREE CPU LIST: 0-2NFREECPUS ON EACH NODE: 2/0,1/1STATIC CPUSETS: NO STATIC CPUSETSCPU_RADIUS: 2,3,3,3,3,3,3,3
