
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH brsvs 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbrsvs\fR
.sp 2
   displays advance reservations
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
brsvs [-l | -w] [-p all | -p "host_name ..."]
.sp 2
brsvs [-l | -w] [-z all | -z "host_name ..."]
.sp 2
brsvs [-c all | -c "policy_name"]
.sp 2
brsvs [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   By default, displays the current advance reservations for all
   hosts, users, and groups.
.sp 2
   For advance reservations across clusters:
.sp 2
     o  
         -p all shows local and all remote reservations
.sp 2
     o  
         The default all includes both local and remote
.sp 2
     o  
         \fIhost_name\fR does NOT take
         \fIhost_name\fR@\fIcluster_name\fR
.sp 2
   By default, brsvs truncates the reservation ID (RSVID) at 11
   characters. Use -w to see the full reservation ID.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               Displays advance reservations in a long multiline
               format. In addition to the standard output, the -l
               option displays the reservation type (open or
               closed) and the job IDs of any jobs associated
               with the specified advance reservation, sorted by
               status.
.sp 2
               The NCPUS field displays real-time advance
               reservation usage, in the format: used slots/total
               slots.
.sp 2
   \fB-w\fR
.br
               Wide format. Displays reservation information
               without truncating fields.
.sp 2
   \fB-c all | "\fIpolicy_name\fB ..."\fR
.br
               Shows advance reservation policies defined in
               lsb.resources. By default, displays all policy
               names.
.sp 2
               The all keyword shows detailed information for all
               policies.
.sp 2
   \fB-p all | "\fIhost_name\fB ..."\fR
.br
               Shows a weekly planner for specified hosts using
               advance reservations.
.sp 2
               The all keyword shows a weekly planner for all
               hosts with reservations.
.sp 2
   \fB-z all | "\fIhost_name\fB"\fR
.br
               Show a planner with only the weekly items that
               have reservation configurations displayed. Empty
               lines are omitted.
.sp 2
               The all keyword shows a weekly planner for all
               hosts with reservations.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   \fBTIME_WINDOW\fR
.br
               Time window for a recurring reservation.
.sp 2
               Values are separated by a hyphen (-), with no
               space in between:
.sp 2
               time_window = begin_time-end_time
.sp 2
               Times are specified in the format:
.sp 2
               [day:]hour[:minute]
.sp 2
               where all fields are numbers with the following
               ranges:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIday of the week\fR: 0-6 (0 is Sunday)
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR: 0-23
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIminute\fR: 0-59
.sp 2
               A time window can be specified in any of the
               following ways:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR-\fIhour\fR
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR
.sp 2
                 o  
                     \fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR
.sp 2
               The default value for minute is 0 (on the hour);
               the default value for day is every day of the
               week.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   brsvs -c reservation1Policy Name: reservation1Users: ugroup1 ~user1 Hosts: hostA hostBTime Window: 8:00-13:00
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   brsvadd, brsvdel, brsvmod, lsb.resources
