
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bsla 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbsla\fR
.sp 2
   displays information about service class configuration for
   goal-oriented service-level agreement (SLA) scheduling
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bsla [service_class_name]
.sp 2
bsla [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   bsla displays the properties of service classes configured in
   lsb.serviceclasses and dynamic information about the state of
   each configured service class.
.sp 2
   If a default system service class is configured with
   ENABLE_DEFAULT_EGO_SLA in lsb.params but no other service
   classes are explicitly configured in lsb.serviceclasses, bsla
   only displays information for the default SLA.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB\fIservice_class_name\fB\fR
.br
               The name of a service class configured in
               lsb.serviceclasses.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   A list of job groups is displayed with the following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBSERVICE CLASS NAME\fR
.br
               The name of the service class, followed by its
               description, if any.
.sp 2
   \fBPRIORITY\fR
.br
               The service class priority. A higher value
               indicates a higher priority, relative to other
               service classes. Similar to queue priority,
               service classes access the cluster resources in
               priority order.
.sp 2
   \fBCONSUMER\fR
.br
               For EGO-enabled SLA service classes, the name of
               the EGO consumer from which hosts are allocated to
               the SLA.
.sp 2
   \fBEGO_RES_REQ\fR
.br
               For EGO-enabled SLA service classes, the EGO
               resource requirement defined in the SLA.
.sp 2
   \fBMAX_HOST_IDLE_TIME\fR
.br
               For EGO-enabled SLA service classes, how long the
               SLA holds its idle hosts before LSF releases them
               to EGO.
.sp 2
   \fBNUM_RECALLED_HOSTS\fR
.br
               For EGO-enabled SLA service classes, the number of
               hosts allocated to the SLA that EGO has reclaimed.
.sp 2
   \fBRECALLED_HOSTS_TIMEOUT\fR
.br
               For EGO-enabled SLA service classes, the amount of
               time EGO gives to LSF to clean up its workload
               before EGO reclaims the host.
.sp 2
   \fBUSER GROUP\fR
.br
               User names or user groups who can submit jobs to
               the service class.
.sp 2
   \fBGOAL\fR
.br
               The type of service class goal and its configured
               value:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     THROUGHPUT
.sp 2
                 o  
                     VELOCITY
.sp 2
                 o  
                     DEADLINE
.sp 2
   \fBACTIVE WINDOW\fR
.br
               The configured time window when the service class
               goal is active. If a throughput or velocity goal
               has no time window configured, ACTIVE WINDOW is
               Always Open.
.sp 2
   \fBSTATUS\fR
.br
               Current status of the service class goal:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     Active:On time — the goal is active and
                     meeting its target.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     Active:Delayed — the goal is active but is
                     missing its target.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     Inactive — the goal is not active; its time
                     window is closed. Jobs are scheduled as if
                     no service class is defined. LSF does not
                     enforce any service-level goal for an
                     inactive SLA.
.sp 2
   \fBTHROUGHPUT\fR
.br
               For throughput goals, the configured job
               throughput (finished jobs per hour) for the
               service class.
.sp 2
   \fBSLA THROUGHPUT\fR
.br
               The current throughput for the SLA finished jobs
               per clean period.
.sp 2
   \fBESTIMATED FINISH TIME\fR
.br
               For goals with a time window, estimated finish
               time of the SLA. If the service class status is on
               time, the finish time is before the configured
               deadline. If the service class status is delayed,
               the service class is missing its goal and bsla
               shows a finish time later than the deadline.
.sp 2
   \fBOPTIMUM NUMBER OF RUNNING JOBS\fR
.br
               For goals with a time window, the optimum number
               of jobs that should be running in the service
               class for the SLA to meet its goal.
.sp 2
   \fBNJOBS\fR
.br
               The current number of jobs in the specified
               service class. A parallel job is counted as 1 job,
               regardless of the number of job slots it uses.
.sp 2
   \fBPEND\fR
.br
               The number of pending jobs in the specified
               service class.
.sp 2
   \fBRUN\fR
.br
               The number of running jobs in the specified
               service class.
.sp 2
   \fBSSUSP\fR
.br
               The number of system-suspended jobs in the service
               class.
.sp 2
   \fBUSUSP\fR
.br
               The number of user-suspended jobs in the specified
               service class.
.sp 2
   \fBFINISH\fR
.br
               The number of jobs in the specified service class
               in EXITED or DONE state.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   The following service class named \fRKyuquot\fR is configured
   in lsb.serviceclasses:
.sp 2
   Begin ServiceClass
.sp 2
   NAME = Kyuquot
.sp 2
   CONSUMER = Kyuquot
.sp 2
   PRIORITY = 23
.sp 2
   USER_GROUP = user1 user2
.sp 2
   GOALS = [VELOCITY 8 timeWindow (9:00-17:30)] \\ 
.sp 2
   [DEADLINE timeWindow (17:30-9:00)] 
.sp 2
   DESCRIPTION = Daytime/Nighttime SLA
.sp 2
   End ServiceClass
.sp 2
   bsla shows the following properties and current status:
.sp 2
   bsla Kyuquot 
.sp 2
   SERVICE CLASS NAME:  Kyuquot 
.sp 2
    -- Daytime/Nighttime SLA
.sp 2
   PRIORITY:  23
.sp 2
   CONSUMER: Kyuquot
.sp 2
   EGO_RES_REQ: any host
.sp 2
   MAX_HOST_IDLE_TIME: 120
.sp 2
   USER_GROUP:  user1 user2
.sp 2

.sp 2
   GOAL:  VELOCITY 8
.sp 2
   ACTIVE WINDOW: (9:00-17:30) 
.sp 2
   STATUS:  Active:On time
.sp 2
   SLA THROUGHPUT:  0.00 JOBS/CLEAN_PERIOD
.sp 2
   GOAL:  DEADLINE 
.sp 2
   ACTIVE WINDOW: (17:30-9:00) 
.sp 2
   STATUS:  Inactive
.sp 2
   SLA THROUGHPUT:  0.00 JOBS/CLEAN_PERIOD
.sp 2

.sp 2
    NJOBS   PEND    RUN     SSUSP   USUSP   FINISH
.sp 2
         0      0       0        0       0       0
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bsla(1), bhist(1), bjobs(1), bkill(1), bmod(1), bsub(1),
   lsb.acct(5), lsb.serviceclasses(5)
