
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bslots 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbslots\fR
.sp 2
   displays slots available and backfill windows available for
   backfill jobs
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bslots [-l] [-n slots] [-R "res_req"] [-W [hour:]minutes]
.sp 2
bslots [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   The available slots displayed by bslots are not currently used
   for running jobs and can be used for backfill jobs. bslots
   displays a snapshot of the slots currently not in use by
   parallel jobs or advance reservations. They are not guaranteed
   to be available at job submission.
.sp 2
   By default, displays all available slots, and the available
   run times (backfill windows) for those slots. When no slots
   are available for backfill, bslots displays
.sp 2
   No backfill window exists at this time
.sp 2
   bslots calculates the backfill window based on the estimated
   start time of potential backfill jobs. Estimated start time is
   only relatively accurate according to current running job
   information. If running jobs finish earlier or later,
   estimated start time may be moved to earlier or later time.
   There may be a small delay of a few minutes between the job
   finish time on which the estimate was based and the actual
   start time of the allocated job.
.sp 2
   If the available backfill window has no run time limit, its
   length is displayed as UNLIMITED.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-l \fR
.br
               Displays backfill windows in a long multi-line
               format. The -l option displays host names and the
               number of slots on each host available for
               backfill.
.sp 2
   \fB-n \fIslots\fB \fR
.br
               Specifies required slots (processors). Backfill
               windows whose widths are equal or larger than
               specified value are returned.
.sp 2
               When no slots are available for backfill, bslots
               -n displays
.sp 2
               No backfill window meets these requirements at this time
.sp 2
   \fB-R "\fIres_req\fB" \fR
.br
               Selects hosts for calculating the backfill windows
               according to the specified resource requirement.
               By default, selects hosts of any type. The -R
               option only supports the select resource
               requirement string. Other resource requirement
               sections are not supported.
.sp 2
               If LSF_STRICT_RESREQ=y in lsf.conf, the selection
               string must conform to the stricter resource
               requirement string syntax described in
               Administering Platform LSF. The strict resource
               requirement syntax only applies to the select
               section.
.sp 2
               When no slots are available for backfill, bslots
               -R displays
.sp 2
               No backfill window meets these requirements at this time
.sp 2
   \fB-W [\fIhour\fB:]\fIminutes\fB\fR
.br
               Specifies expected runtime limit. Backfill windows
               whose lengths are equal or larger than specified
               value are returned.
.sp 2
               When no slots are available for backfill, bslots
               -W displays
.sp 2
               No backfill window meets these requirements at this time
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
