
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bstatus 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbstatus\fR
.sp 2
   gets current external job status or sets new job status
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bstatus [-d "description"] job_ID | "job_ID[index]" | -J job_name
.sp 2
bstatus [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Gets and displays the message description text of a job, or
   changes the contents of the message description text with the
   -d option. Always operates on the message with index 0.
.sp 2
   You can set the external status of a job until it completes.
   You cannot change the status of done or exited jobs. You can
   display the status of a job until it is cleaned from the
   system.
.sp 2
   If a you specify a job ID:
.sp 2
     o  
         You can get the external job status of jobs submitted by
         other users, but you cannot set job status of jobs
         submitted by other users.
.sp 2
     o  
         You can only set external status on your own jobs.
.sp 2
     o  
         Only root and LSF administrators can set external job
         status on jobs submitted by other users.
.sp 2
   Job names are not unique; if you specify -J \fIjob_name\fR:
.sp 2
     o  
         You can only get or set the external status on your own
         jobs.
.sp 2
     o  
         You cannot get or set external job status on jobs
         submitted by other users.
.sp 2
     o  
         Root and the LSF administrators can only get or set the
         external status on their own jobs.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-d "\fIdescription\fB"\fR
.br
               Updates the job status with specified message
               description text.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]" | -J
   \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
               Required. Operates on the specified job.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   bstatus 2500
.sp 2
   JOBID    FROM    UPDATE_TIME   STATUS
.sp 2
   2500     user1   Sep 14 16:54  step 1
.sp 2
   Displays the message description text of message index 0 of
   job 2500.
.sp 2
   bstatus -d "step 2" 2500
.sp 2
   Changes the message description text of message index 0 of job
   2500 to \fRstep 2\fR.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   \fR\fRbpost(1), \fR\fRbread(1)
