
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bstop 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbstop\fR
.sp 2
   suspends unfinished jobs
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bstop [-a] [-app application_profile_name] [-g job_group_name]
[-sla service_class_name] [-J job_name] [-m host_name | -m
host_group] [-q queue_name] [-u user_name | -u user_group | -u
all] [0] [job_ID ... | "job_ID[index]"] ...
.sp 2
bstop [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Suspends unfinished jobs.
.sp 2
   Sends the SIGSTOP signal to sequential jobs and the SIGTSTP
   signal to parallel jobs to suspend them.
.sp 2
   You must specify a job ID or -g, -J, -m, -u, or -q. You cannot
   suspend a job that is already suspended. Specify job ID 0
   (zero) to stop multiple jobs.
.sp 2
   Only root and LSF administrators can operate on jobs submitted
   by other users.
.sp 2
   Use bresume to resume suspended jobs.
.sp 2
   An administrator can use bstop on a job stopped by the user
   (in the state USUSP) to prevent the user from resuming the
   job.
.sp 2
   You can also use bkill -s STOP to send the suspend signal to a
   job or use bkill -s TSTP to suspend one or more parallel jobs.
   Use bkill -s CONT to send a resume signal to a job.
.sp 2
   If a signal request fails to reach the job execution host, LSF
   retries the operation later when the host becomes reachable.
   LSF retries the most recent signal request.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB0\fR
.br
               Suspends all the jobs that satisfy other options
               (-g, -m, -q, -u, and -J).
.sp 2
   \fB-a \fR
.br
               Suspends all jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-app \fIapplication_profile_name\fB\fR
.br
               Suspends only jobs associated with the specified
               application profile. You must specify an existing
               application profile.
.sp 2
   \fB-g \fIjob_group_name\fB\fR
.br
               Suspends only jobs in the specified job group.
.sp 2
   \fB-J \fIjob_name\fB \fR
.br
               Suspends only jobs with the specified name.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB-m \fIhost_name\fB | -m \fIhost_group\fB\fR
.br
               Suspends only jobs dispatched to the specified
               host or host group.
.sp 2
   \fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB\fR
.br
               Suspends only jobs in the specified queue.
.sp 2
   \fB-sla \fIservice_class_name\fB\fR
.br
               Suspends jobs belonging to the specified service
               class.
.br
               Use bsla to display the properties of service
               classes configured in
               LSB_CONFDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/configdir/lsb.serviceclasses
               (see lsb.serviceclasses(5)) and dynamic
               information about the state of each configured
               service class.
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u \fIuser_group\fB | -u all\fR
.br
               Suspends only jobs owned by the specified user or
               user group, or all users if the keyword all is
               specified. To specify a Windows user account,
               include the domain name in uppercase letters and
               use a single backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a Windows
               command line or a double backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a UNIX
               command line.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB ... | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]" ... \fR
.br
               Suspends only the specified jobs. Jobs submitted
               by any user can be specified here without using
               the \fR-u\fR option.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   bstop 314
.sp 2
   Suspends job number 314.
.sp 2
   bstop -m hostA
.sp 2
   Suspends the invoker’s last job that was dispatched to host
   \fRhostA\fR.
.sp 2
   bstop -u jsmith 0
.sp 2
   Suspends all the jobs submitted by user \fRjsmith\fR.
.sp 2
   bstop -u all 
.sp 2
   Suspends the last submitted job in the LSF system.
.sp 2
   bstop -u all 0 
.sp 2
   Suspends all jobs for all users in the LSF system.
.sp 2
   bstop -g /risk_group/consolidate 0
.sp 2
   Suspends all jobs in the job group
   \fR/risk_group/consolidate\fR.
.sp 2
   bstop -app fluent 0
.sp 2
   Suspends all jobs associated with the application profile
   \fRfluent\fR.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bsub(1), bjobs(1), bqueues(1), bhosts(1), bresume(1),
   bkill(1), bapp(1), bgadd(1), bgdel(1), bjgroup(1), bparams(5),
   mbatchd(8), \fRkill\fR(1), \fRsignal\fR(2) lsb.params(5)
.sp 2
