
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bswitch 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbswitch\fR
.sp 2
   switches unfinished jobs from one queue to another
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bswitch [-J job_name] [-m host_name | -m host_group | -m
compute_unit] [-q queue_name] [-u user_name | -u user_group | -u
all] destination_queue [0]
.sp 2
bswitch destination_queue [job_ID | "job_ID[index_list]"] ...
.sp 2
bswitch [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Switches one or more of your unfinished jobs to the specified
   queue. LSF administrators and root can switch jobs submitted
   by other users.
.sp 2
   By default, switches one job, the most recently submitted job,
   or the most recently submitted job that also satisfies other
   specified options (-m, -q, -u, or -J). Specify 0 (zero) to
   switch multiple jobs.
.sp 2
   The switch operation can be done only if a specified job is
   acceptable to the new queue as if it were submitted to it,
   and, in case the job has been dispatched to a host, if the
   host can be used by the new queue. If the switch operation is
   unsuccessful, the job stays where it is.
.sp 2
   If a switched job has not been dispatched, then its behavior
   is as if it were submitted to the new queue in the first
   place.
.sp 2
   If a switched job has been dispatched, then it is controlled
   by the \fRloadSched\fR and \fRloadStop\fR vectors and other
   configuration parameters of the new queue, but its nice value
   and resource limits remain the same.
.sp 2
   Also, if a switched job has been dispatched, it is controlled
   by the PRIORITY and RUN_WINDOW configuration parameters of the
   new queue.
.sp 2
   Members of a chunk job can be switched to another queue.
   Running chunk job members are removed from the chunk and
   switched; all other WAIT jobs are requeued to PEND. For chunk
   jobs in WAIT state, only the WAIT job is removed from the
   chunk and switched, and requeued to PEND.
.sp 2
   The bswitch command is useful to change a job’s attributes
   inherited from the queue.
.sp 2
   bswitch can switch resizable jobs between queues regardless of
   job state. Once the job is switched, the parameters in new
   queue apply, including threshold configuration, run limit, CPU
   limit, queue-level resource requirements, etc. Multi-phase
   rusage string resource requirements can be switched in the
   middle of a phase.
.sp 2
   When switching a pending job to a queue with limits set by the
   parameter \fBRESRSV_LIMIT\fR in lsb.queues, the job’s rusage
   values must be within the set limits or the job cannot be
   switched. When switching a running job to a queue with limits
   set by the parameter \fBRESRSV_LIMIT\fR, the job’s maximum
   rusage values cannot exceed the maximums set by
   \fBRESRSV_LIMIT\fR, but the job’s rusage values can be lower
   than the minimum values.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB0\fR
.br
               (Zero). Switches multiple jobs. Switches all the
               jobs that satisfy other specified options (-m, -q,
               -u and -J).
.sp 2
   \fB-J \fIjob_name\fB\fR
.br
               Only switches jobs that have the specified job
               name.
.sp 2
               The job name can be up to 4094 characters long.
               Job names are not unique.
.sp 2
               The wildcard character (*) can be used anywhere
               within a job name, but cannot appear within array
               indices. For example \fRjob*\fR returns jobA and
               jobarray[1], \fR*AAA*[1]\fR returns the first
               element in all job arrays with names containing
               AAA, however \fRjob1[*]\fR will not return
               anything since the wildcard is within the array
               index.
.sp 2
   \fB-m\fI host_name\fB | -m \fIhost_group\fB | -m
   \fIcompute_unit\fB\fR
.br
               Only switches jobs dispatched to the specified
               host, host group, or compute unit.
.sp 2
   \fB-q \fIqueue_name\fB \fR
.br
               Only switches jobs in the specified queue.
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB | -u \fIuser_group\fB | -u all \fR
.br
               Only switches jobs submitted by the specified
               user, or all users if you specify the keyword all.
               To specify a Windows user account, include the
               domain name in uppercase letters and use a single
               backslash (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR) in
               a Windows command line or a double backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a UNIX
               command line.
.sp 2
               If you specify a user group, switches jobs
               submitted by all users in the group.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIdestination_queue\fB \fR
.br
               Required. Specify the queue to which the job is to
               be moved.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID ...\fB |\fI"job_ID[index_list]"\fB ...\fR
.br
               Switches only the specified jobs.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Limitations"
\fBLimitations\fR
.sp 2
   You cannot switch a MultiCluster job.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bqueues, bhosts, bugroup, bsub, bjobs
.sp 2
