
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH btop 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbtop\fR
.sp 2
   moves a pending job relative to the first job in the queue
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
btop job_ID | "job_ID[index_list]" [position]
.sp 2
btop [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Changes the queue position of a pending job or a pending job
   array element, to affect the order in which jobs are
   considered for dispatch.
.sp 2
   By default, LSF dispatches jobs in a queue in the order of
   their arrival (that is, first come, first served), subject to
   availability of suitable server hosts.
.sp 2
   The btop command allows users and the LSF administrator to
   manually change the order in which jobs are considered for
   dispatch. Users can only operate on their own jobs, whereas
   the LSF administrator can operate on any user’s jobs. Users
   can only change the relative position of their own jobs.
.sp 2
   If invoked by the LSF administrator, btop moves the selected
   job before the first job with the same priority submitted to
   the queue. The positions of all users’ jobs in the queue can
   be changed by the LSF administrator.
.sp 2
   If invoked by a regular user, btop moves the selected job
   before the first job with the same priority submitted by the
   user to the queue. Pending jobs are displayed by bjobs in the
   order in which they are considered for dispatch.
.sp 2
   A user may use btop to change the dispatch order of his/her
   jobs scheduled using a fairshare policy. However, if a job
   scheduled using a fairshare policy is moved by the LSF
   administrator using btop, the job is not subject to further
   fairshare scheduling unless the same job is subsequently moved
   by the LSF administrator using bbot; in this case the job is
   scheduled again using the same fairshare policy (see the
   FAIRSHARE keyword in lsb.queues(5) and HostPartition keyword
   in lsb.hosts (5)).
.sp 2
   To prevent users from changing the queue position of a pending
   job with btop, configure JOB_POSITION_CONTROL_BY_ADMIN=Y in
   lsb.params.
.sp 2
   You cannot run btop on jobs pending in an absolute priority
   scheduling (APS) queue.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID[index_list]\fB"\fR
.br
               Required. Job ID of the job or of the job array on
               which to operate.
.sp 2
               For a job array, the index list, the square
               brackets, and the quotation marks are required. An
               index list is used to operate on a job array. The
               index list is a comma separated list whose
               elements have the syntax
               start_index[-end_index[:step] ] where start_index,
               end_index and step are positive integers. If the
               step is omitted, a step of one is assumed. The job
               array index starts at one. The maximum job array
               index is 1000. All jobs in the array share the
               same job_ID and parameters. Each element of the
               array is distinguished by its array index.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIposition\fB\fR
.br
               Optional. The \fIposition\fR argument can be
               specified to indicate where in the queue the job
               is to be placed. position is a positive number
               that indicates the target position of the job from
               the beginning of the queue. The positions are
               relative to only the applicable jobs in the queue,
               depending on whether the invoker is a regular user
               or the LSF administrator. The default value of 1
               means the position is before all the other jobs in
               the queue that have the same priority.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bbot(1), bjobs(1), bswitch(1)
