
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH bugroup 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbugroup\fR
.sp 2
   displays information about user groups
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
bugroup [-l] [-r] [-w] [user_group ...]
.sp 2
bugroup [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays user groups, user names, and group administrators for
   each group.
.sp 2
   The default is to display information about all user groups.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               Displays information in a long multi-line format.
               Also displays share distribution if shares are
               configured.
.sp 2
   \fB-r \fR
.br
               Expands the user groups recursively. The expanded
               list contains only user names; it does not contain
               the names of subgroups. Duplicate user names are
               listed only once.
.sp 2
   \fB-w\fR
.br
               Wide format. Displays user and user group names
               without truncating fields.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIuser_group ...\fB\fR
.br
               Only displays information about the specified user
               groups. Do not use quotes when specifying multiple
               user groups.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   In the list of users, a name followed by a slash (/) indicates
   a subgroup.
.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   User groups and user shares are defined in the configuration
   file lsb.users(5).
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsb.users, bmgroup, busers
.sp 2
