
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH busers 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBbusers\fR
.sp 2
   displays information about users and user groups
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
busers [-w] [user_name ... | user_group ... | all]
.sp 2
busers [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays information about users and user groups.
.sp 2
   By default, displays information about the user who runs the
   command.
.sp 2
   When a resizable job has a resize allocation request, busers
   displays pending requests. When LSF adds more resources to a
   running resizable job, busers decreases job PEND counts and
   displays the added resources. When LSF removes resources from
   a running resizable job, busers displays the updated
   resources.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB\fIuser_name\fB ... | \fIuser_group\fB ... | all\fR
.br
               Displays information about the specified users or
               user groups, or about all users if you specify
               \fRall\fR. To specify a Windows user account,
               include the domain name in uppercase letters and
               use a single backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a Windows
               command line or a double backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a UNIX
               command line.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-w\fR
.br
               Prints user and user group pending job thresholds
               and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   A listing of the users and user groups is displayed with the
   following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBUSER/GROUP \fR
.br
               The name of the user or user group.
.sp 2
   \fBJL/P \fR
.br
               The maximum number of job slots that can be
               processed simultaneously for the specified users
               on each processor. For non-preemptive scheduling,
               these job slots are used by running and suspended
               jobs or by pending jobs that have jobs slots
               reserved for them. For preemptive scheduling,
               these job slots are used by running jobs or by
               pending jobs that have slots reserved for them.
               This job limit is configured per processor so that
               multiprocessor hosts have more job slots. If the
               dash character (-) is displayed, there is no
               limit. JL/P is defined in the LSF configuration
               file lsb.users.
.sp 2
   \fBMAX \fR
.br
               The maximum number of job slots that can be
               processed concurrently for the specified users’
               jobs. For non-preemptive scheduling, these job
               slots are used by running and suspended jobs or by
               pending jobs that have job slots reserved for
               them. For preemptive scheduling, these job slots
               are used by running jobs or by pending jobs that
               have job slots reserved for them. If the character
               ‘–’ is displayed, there is no limit. MAX is
               defined by the MAX_JOBS parameter in the
               configuration file lsb.users(5).
.sp 2
   \fBNJOBS \fR
.br
               The current number of job slots used by specified
               users’ jobs. A parallel job that is pending is
               counted as \fIn\fR job slots for it uses \fIn\fR
               job slots in the queue when it is dispatched.
.sp 2
   \fBPEND \fR
.br
               The number of pending job slots used by jobs of
               the specified users.
.sp 2
   \fBRUN \fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by running jobs of
               the specified users.
.sp 2
   \fBSSUSP \fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by the
               system-suspended jobs of the specified users.
.sp 2
   \fBUSUSP\fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by user-suspended
               jobs of the specified users.
.sp 2
   \fBRSV \fR
.br
               The number of job slots used by pending jobs of
               the specified users that have job slots reserved
               for them.
.sp 2
   \fBMPEND \fR
.br
               The pending job threshold for the specified users
               or user groups. MPEND is defined by the
               MAX_PEND_JOBS parameter in the configuration file
               lsb.users.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   \fR\fRbugroup, \fR\fRlsb.users, \fR\fRlsb.queues
