
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH ch 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBch\fR
.sp 2
   changes the host on which subsequent commands are to be
   executed
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
ch [-S] [-t] [host_name]
.sp 2
ch [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Changes the host on which subsequent commands are to be
   executed.
.sp 2
   By default, if no arguments are specified, changes the current
   host to the home host, the host from which the ch command was
   issued.
.sp 2
   By default, executes commands on the home host.
.sp 2
   By default, shell mode support is not enabled.
.sp 2
   By default, does not display execution time of tasks.
.sp 2
   The ch command allows you to quickly change to a designated
   host with the same execution environment. A simple shell is
   started that delivers all subsequent commands (except built-in
   commands) to the designated host for execution.
.sp 2
   When the simple shell starts, it is in the current working
   directory and has the same command execution environment as
   that of the parent shell. Every remotely dispatched command is
   executed with the same environment as that on the home host.
   The syntax of the ch command is similar to that of the Bourne
   shell. However, there are some important differences.
.sp 2
   The ampersand (\fR&)\fR following a command line (representing
   a background job in the Bourne shell) is ignored by ch. You
   can submit background jobs in ch with the built-in post
   command and bring them into the foreground with the built-in
   contact command (see below for details).
.sp 2
   ch recognizes a ~ (tilde) as a special path name. If a ~
   (tilde) is followed by a space, tab, new line or / (slash)
   character, then the ~ character is translated into the user’s
   home directory. Otherwise, the ~ is translated as the home
   directory of the user name given by the string following the ~
   character. Pipelines, lists of commands and redirection of
   standard input/output are all handled by invoking /bin/sh.
.sp 2
   The following sequence of commands illustrates the behavior of
   the ch command. For example, the user is currently on
   \fRhostA\fR:
.sp 2
   ch hostBhostB> ch hostChostC> chhostA> ... ...
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-S\fR
.br
               Starts remote tasks with shell mode support. Shell
               mode support is required for running interactive
               shells or applications that redefine the CTRL-C
               and CTRL-Z keys (for example, jove).
.sp 2
   \fB-t\fR
.br
               Turns on the timing option. The amount of time
               each subsequent command takes to execute is
               displayed.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIhost_name\fB\fR
.br
               Executes subsequent commands on the specified
               host.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Usage"
\fBUsage\fR
.sp 2
   The ch command interprets the following built-in commands:
.sp 2
   \fBcd [\fIdirectory_name\fB] \fR
.br
               Changes the current working directory to the
               specified directory. If a directory is not
               specified, changes to the user’s home directory by
               default.
.sp 2
   \fBch [\fIhost_name\fB] \fR
.br
               Changes the current working host to the specified
               host. If a host is not specified, changes to the
               home host by default.
.sp 2
   \fBpost [\fIcommand\fB [\fIargument\fB ...]] \fR
.br
               Posts the specified command for execution in the
               background on the current working host. ch assigns
               a unique task ID to this command and displays this
               ID, then continues to interact with the user.
               However, the output of background jobs may disturb
               the screen. You can post multiple commands on one
               host or on different hosts. When a previously
               posted command is completed, ch reports its status
               to the standard error. If a command is not
               specified, ch displays all currently running
               background commands.
.sp 2
   \fBcontact \fItask_ID\fB \fR
.br
               Brings a previously posted background command into
               the foreground. task_ID is the ID returned by the
               post command. Standard input is now passed to this
               foreground command. You cannot put an active
               foreground job into the background. A command that
               has been brought into the foreground with the
               contact command cannot be put back into the
               background.
.sp 2
   \fBexit \fR
.br
               Exits ch if there are no posted commands running.
               Typing an EOF character (usually CTRL-D but may be
               set otherwise, see stty(1)) forces ch to exit;
               uncompleted posted commands are killed.
.sp 2 .SH "Limitations"
\fBLimitations\fR
.sp 2
   Currently, the ch command does not support script, history,
   nor alias.
.sp 2
   The ch prompt is always the current working host:current
   working directory followed by a > (right angle bracket)
   character. If the ch session is invoked by a shell that
   supports job control (such as \fRtcsh\fR or \fRksh\fR), CTRL-Z
   suspends the whole ch session. The exit status of a command
   line is printed to stderr if the status is non-zero.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsrun(1), \fRrsh\fR(1), \fRstty\fR(1)
.sp 2
