.\" chkpnt.1,v 1.2 1994/07/30 15:28:26 xxue Exp
.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.TH CHKPNT 1 "1 August 1998"
.SH NAME
chkpnt \- checkpoint a process or a set of processes
.LP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B chkpnt [-kq] process-id chkpntdir 
.ft
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command checkpoints the process or the process family specified by
.BR process-id ,
makes checkpoint files that
contain information necessary to restart the process(es), and
puts them under the directory specified by
.BR chkpntdir .
If the
.B chkpntdir
does not exist, it will be created.
.SH OPTIONS
.B chkpnt
recognizes the following options:
.TP 12
.B -k
To kill all the target processes if the checkpoint operation
is successful. Default is that the process(es) continue execution
after being checkpointed. If this option is specified and the checkpoint
fails for any reason the target process(es) continue normal
execution.
.TP 12
.B -q
Quietly inhibit all messages printed by 
.B chkpnt.
.SH RETURN VALUE
.PP
.B chkpnt
exits with
.B 0
if the process was successfully checkpointed, and
.B -1
on errors
.SH NOTES
.PP
The current implementation of
.BR chkpnt (1)
does not support the checkpointing of a familiy of processes.
.PP
.B SIGHUP
is used internally to implement checkpointing. Do not
use the same signal in programs to be checkpointed.
.PP
Programs to be checkpointed should be linked with the checkpoint user
library
.B libckpt.a
and with the special checkpoint startup routine
.B ckpt_crt0.o
rather than
.B crt0.o
as the startup routine.
Two shell scripts
.B ckpt_ld
and
.B ckpt_ld_f
are provided as replacements for
.B ld
which
accept the same parameters as
.B ld
does and will link the application program
with
.B libckpt.a
and
.B ckpt_crt0.o
automatically.
.B ckpt_ld
is for linking C programs and
.B ckpt_ld_f
is for linking Fortran programs.
.SH SEE ALSO
ckpt_ld(1), ckpt_ld_f(1), libckpt.a(3), ckpt_crt0.o(3), chkpnt(3), rmckpt(3).
