.\" ckpt_ld.1,v 1.1.1.1 1994/07/30 14:13:21 xxue Exp
.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.TH CKPT_LD 1 "1 August 1998"
.SH NAME
ckpt_ld, ckpt_ld_f \- replacement linkers for C and Fortran programs to be checkpointed
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ckpt_ld \fR[ \fIoptions ... \fR] \fIfile ...\fR
.PP
.B ckpt_ld_f \fR[ \fIoptions ... \fR] \fIfile ...\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ckpt_ld
and
.B ckpt_ld_f
are shell scripts provided to simplify the linking of the 
user's object files with the checkpoint user library
.B libckpt.a
and the special checkpoint startup routine
.BR ckpt_crt0.o .
.B ckpt_ld
is for C programs and
.B ckpt_ld_f
is for Fortran 77 programs.
To link with the checkpoint library, the source code should first be
compiled without linking. Then the object files should be linked using
.B ckpt_ld
or
.B ckpt_ld_f
instead of 
.BR ld .
.B ckpt_ld
and
.B ckpt_ld_f
accept the same options as
.BR ld .
.PP
For IRIX 6.0, there are three sets of the checkpoint user library
and the checkpoint startup routine, \fBlibckpt.mips[234].a\fR and
\fBckpt_crt0.mips[234].o\fR. They are to be linked with object files
compiled under option "-mips2", "-mips3", or "-mips4" respectively.
\fBckpt_ld\fR and \fBckpt_ld_f\fR use option "-mips2", "-mips3", or
"-mips4" to distinguish the instruction set used and will
choose the correct checkpoint library and startup routine automatically.
The default is "-mips4". 
.PP
On IRIX 5.2 and IRIX 6.0, C and Fortran programs must be compiled
with the "-non_shared" option in order to be linked with the checkpoint
user library and the checkpoint startup routine.
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
.ft B
C:
  %cc -c test1.c
  %cc -c test2.c
  %ckpt_ld -o test test1.o test2.o
Fortran:
  %f77 -c test1.f
  %f77 -c test2.f
  %ckpt_ld_f -o test test1.o test2.o
.ft
.fi
.SH NOTES
The LSF administrator may need to edit the
.B ckpt_ld
script at install time to reflect where you installed
.B libckpt.a
and
.B ckpt_crt0.o
before use.
.PP
SIGHUP is used internally to implement checkpointing. Do not
use this signal in programs to be checkpointed.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ld (1), 
.BR libckpt.a (3), 
.BR ckpt_crt0.o (3)
