
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsacct 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsacct\fR
.sp 2
   displays accounting statistics on finished RES tasks in the
   LSF system
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsacct [-l] [-C time0,time1] [-S time0,time1] [-f logfile_name]
[-m host_name] [-u user_name ... | -u all] [pid ...]
.sp 2
lsacct [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays statistics on finished tasks run through RES. When a
   remote task completes, RES logs task statistics in the task
   log file.
.sp 2
   By default, displays accounting statistics for only tasks
   owned by the user who invoked the lsacct command.
.sp 2
   By default, displays accounting statistics for tasks executed
   on all hosts in the LSF system.
.sp 2
   By default, displays statistics for tasks logged in the task
   log file currently used by RES:
   LSF_RES_ACCTDIR/lsf.acct.\fIhost_name\fR or
   /tmp/lsf.acct.\fIhost_name\fR (see lsf.acct(5)).
.sp 2
   If -l is not specified, the default is to display the fields
   in SUMMARY only (see OUTPUT).
.sp 2
   The RES on each host writes its own accounting log file. These
   files can be merged using the lsacctmrg command to generate
   statistics for the entire LSF cluster.
.sp 2
   All times are reported in seconds. All sizes are reported in
   kilobytes.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-l \fR
.br
               Per-task statistics. Displays statistics about
               each task. See OUTPUT for a description of
               information that is displayed.
.sp 2
   \fB-C \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB \fR
.br
               Displays accounting statistics for only tasks that
               completed or exited during the specified time
               interval.
.sp 2
               The time format is the same as in bhist(1).
.sp 2
   \fB-f \fIlogfile_name\fB \fR
.br
               Searches the specified task log file for
               accounting statistics. Specify either an absolute
               or a relative path.
.sp 2
               Useful for analyzing old task log files or files
               merged with the \fRlsacctmrg\fR command.
.sp 2
   \fB-m \fIhost_name\fB ... \fR
.br
               Displays accounting statistics for only tasks
               executed on the specified hosts.
.sp 2
               If a list of hosts is specified, host names must
               be separated by spaces and enclosed in quotation
               marks (") or (’).
.sp 2
   \fB-S \fItime0\fB,\fItime1\fB\fR
.br
               Displays accounting statistics for only tasks that
               began executing during the specified time
               interval.
.sp 2
               The time format is the same as in bhist(1).
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB ... | -u all \fR
.br
               Displays accounting statistics for only tasks
               owned by the specified users, or by all users if
               the keyword \fRall\fR is specified.
.sp 2
               If a list of users is specified, user names must
               be separated by spaces and enclosed in quotation
               marks (") or (’). You can specify both user names
               and user IDs in the list of users. To specify a
               Windows user account, include the domain name in
               uppercase letters and use a single backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a Windows
               command line or a double backslash
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\\\fIuser_name\fR) in a UNIX
               command line.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIpid\fB ... \fR
.br
               Displays accounting statistics for only tasks with
               the specified pid. This option overrides all other
               options except for -l, -f, -h, -V.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: SUMMARY (default format)"
\fBOutput: SUMMARY (default format)\fR
.sp 2
   Overall statistics for tasks.
.sp 2
   The total, average, maximum and minimum resource usage
   statistics apply to all specified tasks.
.sp 2
   The following fields are displayed:
.sp 2
   \fBTotal number of tasks \fR
.br
               Total number of tasks including tasks completed
               successfully and total number of exited tasks.
.sp 2
   \fBTime range of started tasks \fR
.br
               Start time of the first and last task selected.
.sp 2
   \fBTime range of ended tasks \fR
.br
               Completion or exit time of the first and last task
               selected.
.sp 2
   \fBResource usage of tasks selected \fR
.br
               See \fRgetrusage\fR (2).
.sp 2
   \fBCPU time \fR
.br
               Total CPU time consumed by the task.
.sp 2
   \fBPage faults \fR
.br
               Number of page faults.
.sp 2
   \fBSwaps\fR
.br
               Number of times the process was swapped out.
.sp 2
   \fBBlocks in \fR
.br
               Number of input blocks.
.sp 2
   \fBBlocks out \fR
.br
               Number of output blocks.
.sp 2
   \fBMessages sent \fR
.br
               Number of System VIPC messages sent.
.sp 2
   \fBMessages rcvd \fR
.br
               Number of IPC messages received.
.sp 2
   \fBVoluntary cont sw \fR
.br
               Number of voluntary context switches.
.sp 2
   \fBInvoluntary con sw \fR
.br
               Number of involuntary context switches.
.sp 2
   \fBTurnaround \fR
.br
               Elapsed time from task execution to task
               completion.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Per Task Statistics ( -l)"
\fBOutput: Per Task Statistics ( -l)\fR
.sp 2
   In addition to the fields displayed by default in SUMMARY,
   displays the following fields for each task:
.sp 2
   \fBStarting time \fR
.br
               Time the task started.
.sp 2
   \fBUser and host name \fR
.br
               User who submitted the task, host from which the
               task was submitted, in the format
               \fIuser_name\fR@\fIhost\fR.
.sp 2
   \fBPID \fR
.br
               UNIX process ID of the task.
.sp 2
   \fBExecution host \fR
.br
               Host on which the command was run.
.sp 2
   \fBCommand line \fR
.br
               Complete command line that was executed.
.sp 2
   \fBCWD\fR
.br
               Current working directory of the task.
.sp 2
   \fBCompletion time \fR
.br
               Time at which the task completed.
.sp 2
   \fBExit status \fR
.br
               UNIX exit status of the task.
.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   Reads lsf.acct.\fIhost_name\fR
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsf.acct(5), lsacctmrg(1), \fRres\fR(8), bhist(1)
