
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsclusters 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsclusters\fR
.sp 2
   displays configuration information about LSF clusters
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsclusters [-l] [cluster_name ...]
.sp 2
lsclusters [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays configuration information about LSF clusters.
.sp 2
   By default, returns information about the local cluster and
   all other clusters that the local cluster is aware of (all
   clusters defined in the \fRRemoteClusters\fR section of
   lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR if that section exists,
   otherwise all clusters defined in lsf.shared).
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               Long format. Displays additional information.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIcluster_name\fB ...\fR
.br
               Only displays information about the specified
               clusters.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Default Output"
\fBDefault Output\fR
.sp 2
   The information includes: cluster name, cluster master host,
   primary cluster administrator’s login name, total number of
   hosts in the cluster, and the number of server hosts in the
   cluster.
.sp 2
   A listing of the clusters is displayed with the following
   fields:
.sp 2
   \fBCLUSTER_NAME \fR
.br
               The name of the cluster.
.sp 2
   \fBSTATUS \fR
.br
               The current status of the cluster. Possible values
               are:
.sp 2
               \fBok\fR
.br
                           The cluster is in normal load sharing
                           state, and exchanges load information
                           with the local cluster.
.sp 2
               \fBunavail\fR
.br
                           The cluster is unavailable.
.sp 2
   \fBMASTER_HOST\fR
.br
               The name of the cluster’s master host.
.sp 2
   \fBADMIN\fR
.br
               The user account name of the cluster’s primary LSF
               administrator.
.sp 2
   \fBHOSTS\fR
.br
               Number of LSF static client and server hosts in
               the cluster. The HOSTS field does not include
               floating clients.
.sp 2
   \fBSERVERS \fR
.br
               Number of LSF server hosts in the cluster.
.sp 2 .SH "Long Format (-l)"
\fBLong Format (-l)\fR
.sp 2
   If this option is specified, the command also lists available
   resource names, host types, host models and cluster
   administrator’s login names, and whether local cluster accepts
   or sends interactive jobs to this cluster.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   ls_info, ls_policy, ls_clusterinfo lsf.cluster
.sp 2
