
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lseligible 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlseligible\fR
.sp 2
   displays whether a task is eligible for remote execution
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lseligible [-r] [-q] [-s] task
.sp 2
lseligible [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays whether the specified task is eligible for remote
   execution.
.sp 2
   By default, only tasks in the remote task list are considered
   eligible for remote execution.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-q \fR
.br
               Quiet mode. Displays only the resource requirement
               string defined for the task. The string ELIGIBLE
               or NON-ELIGIBLE is omitted.
.sp 2
   \fB-r\fR
.br
               Remote mode. Considers eligible for remote
               execution any task not included in the local task
               list.
.sp 2
   \fB-s\fR
.br
               Silent mode. No output is produced. The -q and -s
               options are useful for shell scripts that operate
               by testing the exit status (see DIAGNOSTICS).
.sp 2
   \fB\fItask\fB\fR
.br
               Specify a command.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   If the task is eligible, the string ELIGIBLE followed by the
   resource requirements associated with the task are printed to
   stdout. Otherwise, the string NON-ELIGIBLE is printed to
   stdout.
.sp 2
   If lseligible prints ELIGIBLE with no resource requirements,
   the task has the default requirements of CPU consumption and
   memory usage.
.sp 2 .SH "Diagnostics"
\fBDiagnostics\fR
.sp 2
   lseligible has the following exit statuses:
.sp 2
   0 Task is eligible for remote execution
.sp 2
   1 Command is to be executed locally
.sp 2
   -1 Syntax errors
.sp 2
   -10 A failure is detected in the LSF system
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   ls_eligible(3), lsrtasks(1), lsf.task(5)
