.\" $Id: lsfbase.1,v 5.7 1998/07/27 16:32:55 bzhang Exp $
.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.TH LSFBASE 1 "1 August 1998"
.SH NAME
lsfbase \- \s-1LSF\s0 Base system.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\s-1LSF\s0 Base system is a load sharing software which integrates a 
heterogeneous network of computers running \s-1UNIX\s0 and Windows 
\s-1NT\s0 systems.  It consists of the 
It consists of the Load Information Manager (\s-1LIM\s0),
the Remote Execution Server (\s-1RES\s0), the Load Sharing LIBrary
(\s-1LSLIB\s0), and a variety of load sharing applications and utilities.
\s-1LSF\s0 interoperates on many \s-1UNIX\s0 platforms.
Some of the load sharing applications (each with its own man page)
are as follows:
.TP 15
.BR lsfbatch (1)
load sharing batch utility.  Distribute parallel as well as sequential batch
jobs to the hosts in a distributed system for execution.
.TP 15
.BR lslogin (1)
load sharing version of
.BR login (1).
Logs a user onto a host that has few users and a light load.
.TP 15
.BR xlsmon (1)
\s-1Motif\s0 graphical user interface for monitoring the load
on the hosts in an \s-1LSF\s0 cluster.
.LP
\s-1LSF\s0 also has a set of commands that can be used as tools to monitor 
the status of the LSF cluster, find out the best host, or
run jobs on the best host. The currently available tools are:
.TP 15
.BR lseligible (1)
display the remote execution eligibility of a task.
.TP 15
.BR lshosts (1)
display configuration information about hosts participating in load
sharing.
.TP 15
.BR lsid (1)
display the name of the local \s-1LSF\s0 cluster and
the name of its master \s-1LIM\s0 host.
.TP 15
.BR lsinfo (1)
display load sharing configuration information.
.TP 15
.BR lsload (1)
display the load information of load sharing hosts.
.TP 15
.BR lsloadadj (1)
adjust the load condition data of load sharing hosts.
.TP 15
.BR lsltasks (1)
display or updates the local task list.
.TP 15
.BR lsrtasks (1)
display or updates the remote task list.
.TP 15
.BR lsplace (1)
display the currently best host or hosts for executing one or more
load sharing tasks.
.TP 15
.BR lsrun (1)
run a task using \s-1LSF\s0 load sharing, with possible host selection.
.TP 15
.BR lsgrun (1)
run a task using \s-1LSF\s0 load sharing on a list of hosts.
.TP 15
.BR ch (1)
change the host on which subsequent commands will be executed.
.TP 15
.BR lsmon (1)
full-screen \s-1LSF\s0 monitoring utility that displays and updates the
load information of hosts in the local cluster. 
.TP 15
.BR lsrcp (1)
copy a single file from one host to another.
.TP 15
.BR lspasswd (1)
enter user account password into LSF database (Windows NT only).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR lsfintro (1),
.BR lstools (1),
.BR lim (8),
.BR res (8),
.BR lslib (3),
.BR lsf.conf (5)
