.\" $Id: lsfmc.1,v 5.7 1998/07/27 16:33:03 bzhang Exp $
.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.TH LSFMC 1 "1 August 1998"
.SH NAME
lsfmc \- \s-1LSF\s0 MultiCluster system.
.SH DESCRIPTION
\s-1LSF\s0 MultiCluster is the enabling software which allows
load sharing among multiple \s-1LSF\s0 clusters.  It supports transparent
access to remote cluster configuration and load information,  distribution
of interactive jobs among clusters, importing and exporting of batch queues
between clusters,  configurable user account mapping at the individual user
level and automatic file transfer.   
.SH TRANSPARENT INFORMATION ACCESS

Through \s-1LSF\s0 Base and \s-1LSF\s0 Batch commands and APIs, 
the cluster configuration
(see 
.BR lsf.cluster (5),
.BR lsclusters (1), 
.BR bclusters (1) 
and
.BR lsf.conf (5)) 
and dynamic load information of  remote clusters can be obtained (see
.BR lshosts (1),
.BR lsload (1),
.BR bhosts (1)
and
.BR bclusters (1)).  
The requests directed to the master LIM of the local
cluster, which in turn requests the information from its peers in other
clusters.  The \fBEQUIV\fR keyword (see \fBlsf.cluster\fR(5))
allows the load of many clusters to be monitored in one cluster.

.SH DISTRIBUTION OF INTERACTIVE JOBS

The  \fBRECV_FROM\fR keyword (see \fBlsf.cluster\fR(5)) enables
collaborating clusters to run interactive jobs from other clusters
with desired accessibility.  \s-1LSF\s0 Base system commands are 
enhanced to take cluster names as well as host names when performing
placement decisions and remote execution (see 
.BR lsplace (1),
.BR lsrun (1)
and
.BR lsgrun (1)).

.SH COLLABORATIVE BATCH QUEUES

Inter-cluster sharing of batch jobs is facilitated by importing and exporting
batch queues through the use of \fBSNDJOBS_TO\fR and \fBRCVJOBS_FROM\fR
keywords for \s-1LSF\s0 Batch queue configuration (see
.BR lsfbatch (5)
and
.BR lsb.queues (5)).  Jobs submitted by a user to a queue may be processed
locally, or transferred to another queue in a remote cluster if the desired 
job slots can be allocated there.  

.SH ACCOUNT MAPPING

Mapping of user account names between clusters is supported at 
individual user level (see .BR bsub (1)) through 
the per-user \fB$HOME/.lsfhosts\fR file.

.SH AUTOMATIC FILE TRANSFER

When submitting a batch job, a user can specify the input and output files 
(see 
.BR bsub (1)) 
so that \s-1LSF\s0 MultiCluster system can transfer them to/from the
host on the selected execution cluster.  

.SH REMARKS
Presently,  \s-1LSF\s0 MultiCluster does not yet support \s-1LSF\s0 
JobScheduler jobs.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR lsf.conf (5),
.BR lsf.cluster (5),
.BR lsfbatch (5)
.BR lsb.queues (5),
.BR lsclusters (1),
.BR lshosts (1),
.BR lsload (1),
.BR lsrun (1),
.BR bclusters (1),
.BR bhosts, (1),
.BR bqueues (1),
.BR bjobs (1)

