
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsgrun 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsgrun\fR
.sp 2
   executes a task on a set of hosts
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsgrun [-i] [-p | -P | -S] [-v] -f host_file | -m host_name ... |
-n num_hosts [-R "res_req"] [command [argument ...]]
.sp 2
lsgrun [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Executes a task on the specified hosts. lsgrun is useful for
   fast global operations such as starting daemons, replicating
   files to or from local disks, looking for processes running on
   all hosts, checking who is logged in on each host, and so on.
   The hosts can be specified using a host file, a list of host
   names or by letting the system select the hosts. If
   \fBLSB_DISABLE_LIMLOCK_EXCL=y\fR (to enable preemption of
   exclusive jobs, for example), you can use lsgrun to start a
   task on hosts that are currently running exclusive jobs.
.sp 2
   By default:
.sp 2
     o  
         lsgrun is not interactive.
.sp 2
     o  
         The specified task is executed sequentially on hosts
         with full pseudo \fRtty\fR support.
.sp 2
     o  
         lsgrun does not create a pseudo-terminal.
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF uses as many processors as available to run the
         specified task.
.sp 2
     o  
         The resource requirement for host selection is
         \fRr15s:pg.\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         The prompt \fRCommand>\fR is displayed to allow users to
         type in a command (task) terminated by a \fRCTRL-D\fR or
         \fREOF\fR. The command is then executed on the specified
         hosts.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-i \fR
.br
               Interactive operation mode. You are asked whether
               the task is to be executed on all hosts. If you
               answer y, the task is started on all specified
               hosts; otherwise, you are asked to specify hosts
               interactively.
.sp 2
   \fB-P\fR
.br
               Creates a pseudo-terminal on UNIX hosts. This is
               necessary to run programs requiring a
               pseudo-terminal (for example, \fRvi\fR).
.sp 2
               This option is not supported on Windows.
.sp 2
   \fB-p \fR
.br
               Parallel run mode. Executes the task on all hosts
               simultaneously and without pseudo \fRtty\fR
               support.
.sp 2
               If this option is specified and the -P option is
               specified, the -P option is ignored.
.sp 2
               This option is useful for fast start-up of tasks.
               However, any output from remote tasks arrive at
               the terminal in arbitrary order, depending on task
               execution speeds on individual hosts.
.sp 2
   \fB-S \fR
.br
               Creates a pseudo-terminal with shell mode support
               on UNIX hosts.
.sp 2
               Shell mode support is required for running
               interactive shells or applications that redefine
               the CTRL-C and CTRL-Z keys (such as jove).
.sp 2
               This option is not supported on Windows.
.sp 2
   \fB-v \fR
.br
               Verbose mode. Displays the name of the host or
               hosts running the task.
.sp 2
   \fB-f \fIhost_file \fB\fR
.br
               Either -f \fIhost_file\fR, -m \fIhost_name\fR or
               -n \fInum_processors\fR is required.
.sp 2
               Executes the task on all hosts listed in the
               \fIhost_file\fR.
.sp 2
               Specify a file that contains a list of host names.
               Host names must be separated by white space
               characters (for example, SPACE, TAB, and NEWLINE).
.sp 2
               This option is exclusive of options -n, -R, and
               -m.
.sp 2
   \fB-m \fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
               Either -f \fIhost_file\fR, -m \fIhost_name\fR or
               -n \fInum_processors\fR is required.
.sp 2
               Executes the task on all specified hosts.
.sp 2
               Specify hosts on which to execute the task. If
               multiple host names are specified, the host names
               must be enclosed by " or ' and separated by white
               space.
.sp 2
               This option is exclusive of options -n, -R, and
               -f.
.sp 2
   \fB-n \fInum_hosts\fB\fR
.br
               Either -f \fIhost_file\fR, -m \fIhost_name\fR or
               -n \fInum_hosts\fR is required.
.sp 2
               Executes the task in a cluster with the required
               number of available hosts.
.sp 2
               One host may be used to start several tasks if the
               host is multiprocessor. This option can be used
               together with option -R to select desired hosts.
.sp 2
               This option is exclusive of options -m and -f.
.sp 2
   \fB-R "\fIres_req\fB"\fR
.br
               Executes the task on hosts with the required
               resource requirements.
.sp 2
               Specify the resource requirement expression for
               host selection. The resource requirement is used
               to choose from all hosts with the same host type
               as the local host, unless a "\fRtype == value\fR"
               exists in res_req to specify otherwise.
.sp 2
               This option can be used together with option -n to
               choose a specified number of processors to run the
               task.
.sp 2
               Exclusive resources need to be explicitly
               specified within the resource requirement string.
               For example, you defined a resource called
               \fRbigmem\fR in lsf.shared and defined it as an
               exclusive resource for \fRhostE\fR in
               lsf.cluster.mycluster. Use the following command
               to submit a task to run on \fRhostE\fR:
.sp 2
               lsgrun -R "bigmem" myjob
.sp 2
               or
.sp 2
               lsgrun -R "defined(bigmem)" myjob
.sp 2
               If the -m option is specified with a single host
               name, the -R option is ignored.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIcommand\fB [\fIargument\fB ...]\fR
.br
               Specify the command to execute. This must be the
               last argument on the command line.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Diagnostics"
\fBDiagnostics\fR
.sp 2
   Exit status is 0 if all commands are executed correctly.
.sp 2
   Otherwise, the exit status is the first non-zero status
   returned by a remotely executed task. lsgrun executes the task
   on all hosts even if some have non-zero exit status.
.sp 2
   Exit status is -10 if a problem is detected in LSF.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsrun, lsplace
