
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lshosts 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlshosts\fR
.sp 2
   displays hosts and their static resource information
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lshosts [-w | -l] [-R "res_req"] [host_name | cluster_name] ...
.sp 2
lshosts -s [resource_name ...]
.sp 2
lshosts [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays static resource information about hosts.
.sp 2
   By default, returns the following information: host name, host
   type, host model, CPU factor, number of CPUs, total memory,
   total swap space, whether or not the host is a server host,
   and static resources. Displays information about all hosts in
   the cluster. See lsf.cluster.
.sp 2
   In MultiCluster job forwarding model, the default behavior is
   to return the following information: host name, host type,
   host model, CPU factor, number of CPUs, total memory, total
   swap space, whether or not the host is a server host, and
   static resources. Displays information about all hosts in the
   local cluster and for all hosts in equivalent remote clusters
   that the local cluster sees. See lsf.cluster(5).
.sp 2
   In MultiCluster resource leasing model, returns information
   about hosts in the local cluster.
.sp 2
   The -s option displays information about the static resources
   (shared or host-based) and their associated hosts.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               Displays host information in a long multi-line
               format. In addition to the default fields,
               displays additional information, including maximum
               \fR/tmp\fR space, the number of local disks, the
               execution priority for remote jobs, load
               thresholds, run windows, and the license classes
               used or needed.
.sp 2
   \fB-w \fR
.br
               Displays host information in wide format. Fields
               are displayed without truncation.
.sp 2
   \fB-R "\fIres_req\fB" \fR
.br
               Only displays information about the hosts that
               satisfy the resource requirement expression. For
               more information about resource requirements, see
               Administering Platform LSF. The size of the
               resource requirement string is limited to 512
               bytes. LSF supports ordering of resource
               requirements on all load indices, including
               external load indices, either static or dynamic.
.sp 2
               In MultiCluster, only displays information about
               the hosts in the local cluster that satisfy the
               resource requirement expression.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIhost_name\fB...| \fIcluster_name\fB...\fR
.br
               Only displays information about the specified
               hosts. Do not use quotes when specifying multiple
               hosts.
.sp 2
               For MultiCluster, displays information about hosts
               in the specified clusters. The names of the hosts
               belonging to the cluster are displayed instead of
               the name of the cluster. Do not use quotes when
               specifying multiple clusters.
.sp 2
   \fB-s [\fIresource_name \fB...]\fR
.br
               Displays information about the specified
               resources. The resources must be static resources
               (shared or host-based). If no resource is
               specified, then displays information about all
               resources. Returns the following information: the
               resource names, the values of the resources, and
               the resource locations.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints the LSF release version to stderr and
               exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Host-Based Default"
\fBOutput: Host-Based Default\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBHOST_NAME\fR
.br
               The name of the host. This display field is
               truncated.
.sp 2
   \fBtype\fR
.br
               The host type. This display field is truncated.
.sp 2
               With MultiCluster, if the host type of a remote
               cluster’s host is not defined in the local
               cluster, the keyword unknown is displayed.
.sp 2
   \fBmodel\fR
.br
               The host model. This display field is truncated.
.sp 2
               With MultiCluster, if the host model of a remote
               cluster’s host is not defined in the local
               cluster, the keyword unknown is displayed.
.sp 2
   \fBcpuf\fR
.br
               The relative CPU performance factor. The CPU
               factor is used to scale the CPU load value so that
               differences in CPU speeds are considered. The
               faster the CPU, the larger the CPU factor.
.sp 2
               The CPU factor of a host with an \fRunknown
               \fRhost type is 1.0.
.sp 2
   \fBncpus\fR
.br
               The number of processors on this host.
.sp 2
               If LSF_ENABLE_DUALCORE=Y in lsf.conf for
               multi-core CPU hosts, displays the number of cores
               instead of physical CPUs.
.sp 2
               If EGO is enabled in the LSF cluster and
               EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS is specified in lsf.conf or
               ego.conf, the appropriate value for ncpus is
               displayed, depending on the value of
               EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS:
.sp 2
                 o  
                     EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS=procs—ncpus=number of
                     processors
.sp 2
                 o  
                     EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS=cores—ncpus=number of
                     processors x number of cores per processor
.sp 2
                 o  
                     EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS=threads—ncpus=number of
                     processors x number of cores per processor x
                     number of threads per core
.sp 2
               EGO_DEFINE_NCPUS=cores is the same as setting
               LSF_ENABLE_DUALCORE=Y.
.sp 2
   \fBnprocs \fR
.br
               The number of physical processors per CPU
               configured on a host.
.sp 2
   \fBncores \fR
.br
               The number of cores per processor configured on a
               host.
.sp 2
   \fBnthreads \fR
.br
               The number of threads per core configured on a
               host.
.sp 2
   \fBmaxmem\fR
.br
               The maximum amount of physical memory available
               for user processes.
.sp 2
               By default, the amount is displayed in KB. The
               amount may appear in MB depending on the actual
               system memory. Use LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS in lsf.conf
               to specify a larger unit for the limit (GB, TB,
               PB, or EB).
.sp 2
   \fBmaxswp\fR
.br
               The total available swap space.
.sp 2
               By default, the amount is displayed in KB. The
               amount may appear in MB depending on the actual
               system swap space. Use LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS in
               lsf.conf to specify a larger unit for the limit
               (GB, TB, PB, or EB).
.sp 2
   \fBserver\fR
.br
               Indicates whether the host is a server or client
               host. “Yes” is displayed for LSF servers. “No” is
               displayed for LSF clients. “Dyn” is displayed for
               dynamic hosts.
.sp 2
   \fBRESOURCES\fR
.br
               The Boolean resources defined for this host,
               denoted by resource names, and the values of
               external numeric and string static resources. See
               lsf.cluster(5), and lsf.shared(5) on how to
               configure external static resources.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Host Based -l Option"
\fBOutput: Host Based -l Option\fR
.sp 2
   In addition to the above fields, the -l option also displays
   the following:
.sp 2
   \fBndisks\fR
.br
               The number of local disk drives directly attached
               to the host.
.sp 2
   \fBmaxtmp\fR
.br
               The maximum \fR/tmp\fR space in MB configured on a
               host.
.sp 2
   \fBrexpri\fR
.br
               UNIX only. The execution priority of remote jobs
               run by the RES. rexpri is a number between -20 and
               20, with -20 representing the highest priority and
               20 the lowest. The default rexpri is 0, which
               corresponds to the default scheduling priority of
               0 on BSD-based UNIX systems and 20 on System
               V-based systems.
.sp 2
   \fBnprocs\fR
.br
               The number of physical processors per CPU
               configured on a host.
.sp 2
   \fBncores\fR
.br
               The number of cores per processor configured on a
               host.
.sp 2
   \fBnthreads\fR
.br
               The number of threads per core configured on a
               host.
.sp 2
   \fBRUN_WINDOWS\fR
.br
               The time windows during which LIM considers the
               host as available to execute remote jobs. These
               run windows have the same function for LSF hosts
               as dispatch windows have for LSF hosts.
.sp 2
   \fBLICENSES_ENABLED\fR
.br
               The licenses that are enabled for each specified
               host.
.sp 2
   \fBLICENSE_NEEDED\fR
.br
               The required banded license class for each
               specified host.
.sp 2
               If LSF_ENABLE_DUALCORE=Y in lsf.conf for dual-core
               CPU hosts, lshosts -l also displays if dual-core
               CPU license is enabled for the hosts and the
               number of dual-core licenses needed.
.sp 2
   \fBLOAD_THRESHOLDS\fR
.br
               The thresholds for scheduling interactive jobs. If
               a load index exceeds the load threshold (or falls
               below the load threshold, for decreasing load
               indices), the host status is changed to “busy.” If
               the threshold is displayed as a dash “-”, the
               value of that load index does not affect the
               host’s status.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: Resource-Based -s Option"
\fBOutput: Resource-Based -s Option\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the static resources (shared or host-based). Each
   line gives the value and the associated hosts for the static
   resource. See lsf.shared, and lsf.cluster on how to configure
   static shared resources.
.sp 2
   The following fields are displayed:
.sp 2
   \fBRESOURCE \fR
.br
               The name of the resource.
.sp 2
   \fBVALUE \fR
.br
               The value of the static resource.
.sp 2
   \fBLOCATION \fR
.br
               The hosts that are associated with the static
               resource.
.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   Reads lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   ls_info, ls_policy, ls_gethostinfo, lsf.cluster, lsf.shared
.sp 2
