
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsinfo 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsinfo\fR
.sp 2
   displays load sharing configuration information
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsinfo [-l] [-m | -M] [-r] [-t] [resource_name ...]
.sp 2
lsinfo [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   By default, displays all load sharing configuration
   information including resource names and their meanings, host
   types and models, and associated CPU factors known to the
   system.
.sp 2
   By default, displays information about all resources. Resource
   information includes resource name, resource type,
   description, and the default sort order for the resource.
.sp 2
   You can use resource names in task placement requests.
.sp 2
   Use this command with options to selectively view configured
   resources, host types, and host models.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-l \fR
.br
               Displays resource information in a long multi-line
               format. Additional parameters are displayed
               including whether a resource is built-in or
               configured, and whether the resource value changes
               dynamically or is static. If the resource value
               changes dynamically then the interval indicates
               how often it is evaluated.
.sp 2
   \fB-M\fR
.br
               Displays information about all host models in the
               file lsf.shared.
.sp 2
   \fB-m \fR
.br
               Displays only information about host models that
               exist in the cluster.
.sp 2
   \fB-r \fR
.br
               Displays only information about configured
               resources.
.sp 2
   \fB-t \fR
.br
               Displays only information about configured host
               types. See lsload(1) and lshosts(1).
.sp 2
   \fB\fIresource_name\fB ...\fR
.br
               Displays only information about the specified
               resources.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: -l option"
\fBOutput: -l option\fR
.sp 2
   The -l option displays all information available about load
   indices.
.sp 2
   \fBTYPE\fR
.br
               Indicates whether the resource is numeric, string,
               or Boolean.
.sp 2
   \fBORDER\fR
.br
                 o  
                     Inc—If the numeric value of the load index
                     increases as the load it measures increases,
                     such as CPU utilization (\fRut\fR).
.sp 2
                 o  
                     Dec—If the numeric value decreases as the
                     load increases.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     N/A—If the resource is not numeric.
.sp 2
   \fBINTERVAL\fR
.br
               The number of seconds between updates of that
               index. Load indices are updated every INTERVAL
               seconds. A value of 0 means the value never
               changes.
.sp 2
   \fBBUILTIN\fR
.br
               If BUILTIN is \fRYes\fR, the resource name is
               defined internally by LIM. If BUILTIN is \fRNo\fR,
               the resource name is site-specific defined
               externally by the LSF administrator.
.sp 2
   \fBDYNAMIC\fR
.br
               If DYNAMIC is \fRYes\fR the resource is a load
               index that changes over time. If DYNAMIC is
               \fRNo\fR the resource represents information that
               is fixed such as the total swap space on a host.
               Resources are Static or Boolean.
.sp 2
   \fBRELEASE\fR
.br
               Applies to numeric shared resources only, such as
               floating licenses. Indicates whether LSF releases
               the resource when a job using the resource is
               suspended. When a job using a shared resource is
               suspended, the resource is held or released by the
               job depending on the configuration of the RELEASE
               parameter in lsf.shared.
.sp 2
               \fRNo\fR indicates the resource is held. \fRYes\fR
               indicates the resource is released.
.sp 2
   \fBCONSUMABLE\fR
.br
               If CONSUMABLE is Yes the resource is a static or
               dynamic numeric resource that is specified as
               consumable in the Resource section of lsf.shared.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lshosts, lsload, lsf.shared, ls_info, ls_policy
.sp 2
