
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsloadadj 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsloadadj\fR
.sp 2
   adjusts load indices on hosts
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsloadadj [-R res_req] [host_name[:num_task] ...]
.sp 2
lsloadadj [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Adjusts load indices on hosts. This is useful if a task
   placement decision is made outside LIM by another application.
.sp 2
   By default, assumes tasks are CPU-intensive and
   memory-intensive. This means the CPU and memory load indices
   are adjusted to a higher number than other load indices.
.sp 2
   By default, adjusts load indices on the local host, the host
   from which the command was submitted.
.sp 2
   By default, starts 1 task.
.sp 2
   Upon receiving a load adjustment request, LIM temporarily
   increases the load on hosts according to resource
   requirements. This helps LIM avoid sending too many jobs to
   the same host in quick succession. The adjusted load decays
   over time before the real load produced by the dispatched task
   is reflected in LIM’s load information.
.sp 2
   lsloadadj adjusts all indices except for \fRls\fR (login
   sessions), \fRit\fR (idle time), \fRr15m\fR (15-minute run
   queue length) and external load indices. Other load indices
   can only be adjusted beyond specific maximum values.
.sp 2
     o  
         tmp is -0.5
.sp 2
     o  
         swp is -1.5
.sp 2
     o  
         mem is -1.0
.sp 2
     o  
         r1m is 0.4
.sp 2
     o  
         ut is 15%
.sp 2
     o  
         r15s is 0.1
.sp 2
     o  
         pg is 0.3
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-R \fIres_req\fB\fR
.br
               Specify resource requirements for tasks. Only the
               resource usage (rusage) section of the resource
               requirement string is considered. This is used by
               LIM to determine by how much individual load
               indices are to be adjusted.
.sp 2
               For example, if a task is swap-space-intensive,
               load adjustment on the \fRswp\fR load index is
               higher; other indices are increased only slightly.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIhost_name\fB[:\fInum_task\fB] ... \fR
.br
               Specify a list of hosts for which load is to be
               adjusted. num_task indicates the number of tasks
               to be started on the host.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   \fRlsloadadj -R "rusage[swp=20:mem=10]"\fR
.sp 2
   Adjusts the load indices \fRswp\fR and \fRmem\fR on the host
   from which the command was submitted.
.sp 2 .SH "Diagnostics"
\fBDiagnostics\fR
.sp 2
   Returns -1 if a bad parameter is specified; otherwise returns
   0.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsinfo(1), lsplace(1), lsload(1), \fRls_loadadj(3)\fR
.sp 2
