
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lslogin 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlslogin\fR
.sp 2
   remotely logs in to a lightly loaded host
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lslogin [-v] [-m "host_name ..." | -m "cluster_name ..."] [-R
"res_req"] [rlogin_options]
.sp 2
lslogin [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Remotely logs in to a lightly loaded host.
.sp 2
   By default, lslogin selects the least loaded host, with few
   users logged in, and remotely logs in to that host using the
   UNIX rlogin command.
.sp 2
   In a MultiCluster environment, the default is to select the
   least loaded host in the local cluster.
.sp 2
   As an alternative to rlogin, you can use an SSH connection by
   enabling \fBLSF_LSLOGIN_SSH\fR in lsf.conf.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-v\fR
.br
               Displays the name of the host to which lslogin
               remotely logs you in.
.sp 2
   \fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB ..." | -m "\fIcluster_name\fB ..."\fR
.br
               Remotely logs in to the specified host.
.sp 2
               With MultiCluster job forwarding, when a cluster
               name is specified, remotely logs in to the least
               loaded host in the specified cluster, if the
               remote cluster accepts interactive jobs from the
               local cluster (see lsf.cluster(5)).
.sp 2
   \fB-R "\fIres_req\fB"\fR
.br
               Remotely logs in to a host that meets the
               specified resource requirement. The resource
               requirement expression restricts the set of
               candidate hosts and determines the host selection
               policy.
.sp 2
               For a complete explanation of resource requirement
               expressions, see Administering Platform LSF. To
               find out what resources are configured in your
               system, use lsinfo and lshosts.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIrlogin_options \fB\fR
.br
               Specify remote login options passed to the rlogin
               command.
.sp 2
               If remote execution fails, lslogin logs in locally
               only if the local host also satisfies required
               resources; otherwise, log in fails.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   \fRlslogin -R "select[it>1 && bsd]"\fR
.sp 2
   Remotely logs in to a host that has been idle for at least 1
   minute, runs BSD UNIX, and is lightly loaded both in CPU
   resources and the number of users logged in.
.sp 2 .SH "Diagnostics"
\fBDiagnostics\fR
.sp 2
   Because lslogin passes all unrecognized arguments to rlogin,
   incorrect options usually cause the rlogin usage message to be
   displayed rather than the lslogin usage message.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   \fRls_placereq\fR, rlogin
