
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsload 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsload\fR
.sp 2
   displays load information for hosts
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsload [-l] [-N | -E] [-I load_index[:load_index] ...] [-n
num_hosts] [-R res_req] [host_name ... | cluster_name ...]
.sp 2
lsload -s [resource_name ...]
.sp 2
lsload [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays load information for hosts. Load information can be
   displayed on a per-host basis, or on a per-resource basis.
.sp 2
   By default, displays load information for all hosts in the
   local cluster, per host.
.sp 2
   With MultiCluster, also displays load information for all
   hosts in equivalent clusters (see lsf.cluster(5)).
.sp 2
   By default, displays raw load indices.
.sp 2
   By default, load information for resources is displayed
   according to CPU and paging load.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               Long format. Displays load information without
               truncation along with additional fields for I/O
               and external load indices.
.sp 2
               This option overrides the index names specified
               with the -I option.
.sp 2
   \fB-N\fR
.br
               Displays normalized CPU run queue length load
               indices.
.sp 2
   \fB-E\fR
.br
               Displays effective CPU run queue length load
               indices. Options -N and -E are mutually exclusive.
.sp 2
   \fB-w\fR
.br
               Displays load information in wide format. Fields
               are displayed without truncation.
.sp 2
   \fB-I \fIload_index\fB[:\fIload_index\fB] ...\fR
.br
               Displays only the specified load indices. Separate
               multiple index names with colons (for example,
               \fRr1m:pg:ut\fR).
.sp 2
               Specify any built-in load index. Specify external
               load indices only for host-based resources that
               are numeric and dynamic (you cannot specify
               external load indices for shared, string or
               Boolean resources).
.sp 2
   \fB-n \fInum_hosts\fB\fR
.br
               Displays only load information for the requested
               number of hosts. Information for up to num_hosts
               hosts that best satisfy the resource requirements
               is displayed.
.sp 2
   \fB-R \fIres_req\fB\fR
.br
               Displays only load information for hosts that
               satisfy the specified resource requirements. See
               Administering Platform LSF for a list of built-in
               resource names.
.sp 2
               Load information for the hosts is sorted according
               to load on the specified resources.
.sp 2
               If \fIres_req\fR contains special resource names,
               only load information for hosts that provide these
               resources is displayed (run lshosts to find out
               what resources are available on each host).
.sp 2
               If one or more host names are specified, only load
               information about the hosts that satisfy the
               resource requirements is displayed.
.sp 2
               With MultiCluster, when a cluster name is
               specified, displays load information of hosts in
               the specified cluster that satisfy the resource
               requirements.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIhost_name\fB ... | \fIcluster_name\fB ...\fR
.br
               Displays only load information for the specified
               hosts.
.sp 2
               With MultiCluster, displays only load information
               for hosts in the specified clusters.
.sp 2
   \fB-s [\fIresource_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
               Displays information about all dynamic resources
               configured in the cluster, or about the specified
               resources only. Specify dynamic resources (shared
               or host-based).
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Host-Based Output (default output)"
\fBHost-Based Output (default output)\fR
.sp 2
   Built-in load indices include \fRr15s\fR, \fRr1m\fR,
   \fRr15m\fR, \fRut\fR, \fRpg\fR, \fRio\fR, \fRls\fR, \fRit\fR,
   \fRswp\fR, \fRmem\fR and \fRtmp\fR. External load indices are
   configured in the file lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR (see
   lsf.cluster(5)). The selection and order sections of res_req
   control for which hosts are displayed and how the information
   is ordered.
.sp 2
   The display includes the following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBHOST_NAME\fR
.br
               Standard host name used by LSF, typically an
               Internet domain name with two components.
.sp 2
   \fBstatus\fR
.br
               Status of the host. A minus sign (-) may precede
               the status, indicating that RES is not running on
               the host.
.sp 2
               Possible statuses are:
.sp 2
               \fBok\fR
.br
                           The host is in normal load sharing
                           state and can accept remote jobs. The
                           ok status indicates that the Load
                           Information Manager (LIM) is unlocked
                           and that both LIM and the Remote
                           Execution Server (RES) are running.
.sp 2
               \fB-ok\fR
.br
                           The (LIM) on the host is running but
                           RES is unreachable.
.sp 2
               \fBbusy\fR
.br
                           The host is overloaded because some
                           load indices exceed configured
                           thresholds. Load index values that
                           caused the host to be busy are
                           preceded by an asterisk (\fR*\fR).
.sp 2
               \fBlockW\fR
.br
                           The host is locked by its run window.
                           Run windows for a host are specified
                           in the configuration file (see
                           lsf.conf(5)) and can be displayed by
                           lshosts. A locked host does not accept
                           load shared jobs from other hosts.
.sp 2
               \fBlockU\fR
.br
                           The host is locked by the LSF
                           administrator or root.
.sp 2
               \fBunavail\fR
.br
                           The host is down or the LIM on the
                           host is not running.
.sp 2
               \fBunlicensed\fR
.br
                           The host does not have a valid LSF
                           license.
.sp 2
   \fBr15s\fR
.br
               The 15-second exponentially averaged CPU run queue
               length.
.sp 2
   \fBr1m\fR
.br
               The 1-minute exponentially averaged CPU run queue
               length.
.sp 2
   \fBr15m\fR
.br
               The 15-minute exponentially averaged CPU run queue
               length.
.sp 2
   \fBut\fR
.br
               The CPU utilization exponentially averaged over
               the last minute, between 0 and 1.
.sp 2
   \fBpg\fR
.br
               The memory paging rate exponentially averaged over
               the last minute, in pages per second.
.sp 2
   \fBls\fR
.br
               The number of current login users.
.sp 2
   \fBit\fR
.br
               On UNIX, the idle time of the host (keyboard not
               touched on all logged in sessions), in minutes.
.sp 2
               On Windows, the \fRit\fR index is based on the
               time a screen saver has been active on a
               particular host.
.sp 2
   \fBtmp\fR
.br
               The amount of free space in \fR/tmp\fR, in MB.
.sp 2
   \fBswp\fR
.br
               The amount of available swap space.
.sp 2
               By default, the amount is displayed in KB. The
               amount may appear in MB depending on the actual
               system swap space. Use LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS in
               lsf.conf to specify a larger unit for the limit
               (GB, TB, PB, or EB).
.sp 2
   \fBmem\fR
.br
               The amount of available RAM.
.sp 2
               By default, the amount is displayed in KB. The
               amount may appear in MB depending on the actual
               system memory. Use LSF_UNIT_FOR_LIMITS in lsf.conf
               to specify a larger unit for the limit (GB, TB,
               PB, or EB).
.sp 2
   \fBio\fR
.br
               By default, \fRio\fR is not shown.
.sp 2
               If -l is specified, shows the disk I/O rate
               exponentially averaged over the last minute, in KB
               per second.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIexternal_index\fB\fR
.br
               By default, external load indices are not shown.
.sp 2
               If -l is specified, shows indices for all dynamic
               custom resources available on the host, including
               shared, string and Boolean resources.
.sp 2
               If -I\fI load_index\fR is specified, only shows
               indices for specified non-shared (host-based)
               dynamic numeric custom resources.
.sp 2 .SH "Resource-Based Output (lsload -s)"
\fBResource-Based Output (lsload -s)\fR
.sp 2
   Displays information about dynamic resources (shared or
   host-based). Each line gives the value and the associated
   hosts for an instance of the resource. See lim(8), and
   lsf.cluster(5) for information on configuring dynamic shared
   resources.
.sp 2
   The displayed information consists of the following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBRESOURCE\fR
.br
               Name of the resource.
.sp 2
   \fBVALUE\fR
.br
               Value for an instance of the resource.
.sp 2
   \fBLOCATION\fR
.br
               Hosts associated with the instance of the
               resource.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   \fRlsload -R "select[r1m<=0.5 && swp>=20 && type==ALPHA]"\fR
.sp 2
   OR, in restricted format:
.sp 2
   \fRlsload -R r1m=0.5:swp=20:type=ALPHA\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the load of ALPHA hosts with at least 20 MB of swap
   space, and a 1-minute run queue length less than 0.5.
.sp 2
   \fRlsload -R "select[(1-swp/maxswp)<0.75] order[pg]"\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the load of the hosts whose swap space utilization is
   less than 75%. The resulting hosts are ordered by paging rate.
.sp 2
   \fRlsload -I r1m:ut:io:pg\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the 1-minute CPU raw run queue length, the CPU
   utilization, the disk I/O and paging rates for all hosts in
   the cluster.
.sp 2
   \fRlsload -E\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the load of all hosts, ordered by \fRr15s:pg\fR, with
   the CPU run queue lengths being the effective run queue
   lengths.
.sp 2
   \fRlsload -s verilog_license\fR
.sp 2
   Displays the value and location of all the
   \fRverilog_license\fR dynamic shared resource instances.
.sp 2 .SH "Diagnostics"
\fBDiagnostics\fR
.sp 2
   Exit status is -10 for LSF problems or a bad resource names.
.sp 2
   Exit status is -1 if a bad parameter is specified, otherwise
   lsload returns 0.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lim(8), lsf.cluster(5), lsplace(1), lshosts(1), lsinfo(1),
   \fRlslockhost\fR(8), \fRls_load\fR(3)
