
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsltasks 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsltasks\fR
.sp 2
   displays or updates a local task list
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsltasks [+ task_name ... | – task_name ...]
.sp 2
lsltasks [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays or updates a user local task list in $HOME/.lsftask.
.sp 2
   When no options are specified, displays tasks listed in the
   system task file lsf.task and the user task file .lsftask.
.sp 2
   If there is a conflict between the system task file lsf.task
   and the user task file (.lsftask), the user task file
   overrides the system task file.
.sp 2
   Tasks in the local task list are not eligible for remote
   execution, either because they are trivial tasks or because
   they need resources on the local host.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB+ \fItask_name\fB\fR
.br
               If + is specified and the specified task names are
               not already in the user task file (.lsftask), adds
               the task names to the file with a plus sign (+)
               preceding them.
.sp 2
               If any of the task names are already in the
               .lsftask file, the actual action depends on the
               entry in the file. If the entry starts with a
               \fR+\fR or nothing, replaces the entry with the
               specified content; if the entry starts with a
               minus sign (-), deletes the entry from the
               .lsftask file.
.sp 2
   \fB- \fItask_name\fB\fR
.br
               If – is specified and specified task names are not
               already in the user .lsftask file, adds the task
               names to the file with a – preceding the task
               name.
.sp 2
               If any of the task names are already in the
               .lsftask file, the actual action depends on the
               entry in the file. If the entry starts with a –,
               no operation is done; if the entry starts with a
               +, deletes the entry from the .lsftask file.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   \fR\fRlsltasks + foo\fR\fR
.sp 2
   Adds the command \fRfoo\fR to the local task list.
.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   Reads the system task file lsf.task, and the user .lsftask
   file. See lsf.task(5) for more details.
.sp 2
   The system and user task files contain two sections, one for
   the remote task list, the other for the local task list. The
   local tasks section starts with \fRBegin LocalTasks\fR and
   ends with \fREnd LocalTasks\fR. Each line in the section is an
   entry consisting of a task name.
.sp 2
   A plus sign (+) or a minus sign (–) can optionally precede
   each entry. If no + or – is specified, then + is assumed.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lseligible, ls_task, lsrtasks, lsf.task, ls_eligible
.sp 2
