.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.hy 0
.nh
.na
.TH lsmake 1 "October 2008" "" "Platform LSF Version 7"
.br

.SH NAME
\fBlsmake\fR - runs make tasks in parallel

.SH Synopsis
.BR
.PP

.IP
lsmake [-c num_tasks] [-F res_req] [-m "host_name ..."] [-E] [-G] 
[-M] [-V] [makeoption ...] [target ...] 


.IP
lsmake [-c num_tasks] [-F res_req] [-T] [-j max_processors] [-P 
minutes] [-R res_req] [-E] [-G] [-M] [-V] [makeoption ...] 
[target ...]


.SH Description
.BR
.PP

.PP
Runs make tasks in parallel on LSF hosts. Sets the environment variables on the 
remote hosts when lsmake first starts.

.PP
By default, uses the local host, uses only one processor, starts only one task in each 
processor, and processes submakes sequentially.
lsmake is a modified version of GNU make. All the options provided by GNU make are valid with lsmake.  
.SH Options
.BR
.PP

.SS -E
.BR
.PP

.PP
Sets the environment variables for every task sent remotely.

.PP
This is necessary when make files change or override the environment variables 
they inherit at startup. 

.SS -G
.BR
.PP

.PP
Enables debugging.

.SS -M 
.BR
.PP

.PP
Processes submakes in parallel. Some makefiles may not work correctly when run 
in parallel through Platform Make.

.PP
To use this feature, build each submake as a separate target in your makefile. Specify 
the make command for each submake with the built-in $(MAKE) macro. Makefiles 
that depend on sequential processing might have to be modified further.

.PP
For more information, see the Platform Make documentation. 

.SS -T
.BR
.PP

.PP
Enables output tagging to prefix the sender's task ID to the parallel task output data.

.SS -V
.BR
.PP

.PP
Verbose mode. Prints the names of the hosts used.

.SS -c num_tasks
.BR
.PP

.PP
Starts the specified number of tasks concurrently on each processor. If you specify 
too many tasks, you could overload a host.

.SS -F res_req
.BR
.PP

.PP
Temporarily reduces the number of tasks running when the load on the network file 
server exceeds the specified resource requirements. This might also reduce the 
number of processors used. The number of tasks is increased again when the load 
on the network file server is below the specified resource requirements.

.PP
The network file server is considered to be the host mounting the current working 
directory on the local host. If this machine is not in the local cluster, -F is ignored.

.SS -m "host_name ..."
.BR
.PP

.PP
Uses the specified hosts. Specify a host name multiple times to use multiple 
processors on that host.

.SS -j max_processors
.BR
.PP

.PP
Uses multiple processors. Specify the maximum number of processors to use. Uses 
all of the available processors if fewer processors are available.

.PP
When you specify -j and -R together, automatically selects processors on the best 
available hosts that satisfy the resource requirements. The job fails if no suitable 
host is found.

.PP
When you specify -j but not -R, automatically selects processors on the best 
available hosts that are the same host type as the local host. The local host itself can 
be selected. 

.SS -P minutes
.BR
.PP

.PP
Periodically reselects the best available processors. After the processor has been 
used for the specified number of minutes, it might be replaced if a better processor 
is available.

.PP
This is useful for long-running makes.

.SS -R res_req
.BR
.PP

.PP
Uses only hosts that satisfy the specified resource requirements.

.PP
When you specify -R but not -j, uses one processor on one host that satisfies the 
resource requirements.

.SS makeoption ...
.BR
.PP

.PP
Specifies GNU Make options. See gmake(1) for details. 

.SS target ... 
.BR
.PP

.PP
Specifies targets to make.

.SH Limitations
.BR
.PP

.PP
If a submake in a makefile specifies options which are specific to lsmake, they are 
ignored. Only the command line options are used. When determining where to 
start tasks, lsmake consults the local task list (see lsf.task(5)). If the task is found 
in the local task list, it will be started on the local host. The resource requirements 
of tasks in the remote task list are not considered when dispatching tasks.

.SH See Also
.BR
.PP
lsfintro(1), lstcsh(1), gmake(1)  
.PP
For a complete description of how to use Platform LSF Make, see the Platform LSF 
Make documentation.

.\" Generated by Quadralay WebWorks Publisher 2003 for FrameMaker 8.0.5.1556
.\" Generated on October 01, 2008 
.\" Man section: 1 
.\" File Name: lsmake 
.\" Release Date: October 2008
.\" Product Version: Platform LSF Version 7
.\" Based on template man_page_wwp8
.\" Copyright 1994-2008 Platform Computing Corporation
