
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsmon 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsmon\fR
.sp 2
   displays load information for LSF hosts and periodically
   updates the display
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsmon [-N | -E] [-n num_hosts] [-R res_req] [-I index_list] [-i
interval] [-L file_name] [host_name ...]
.sp 2
lsmon [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   lsmon is a full-screen LSF monitoring utility that displays
   and updates load information for hosts in a cluster.
.sp 2
   By default, displays load information for all hosts in the
   cluster, up to the number of lines that fit on-screen.
.sp 2
   By default, displays raw load indices.
.sp 2
   By default, load information is sorted according to CPU and
   paging load.
.sp 2
   By default, load information is updated every 10 seconds.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-N\fR
.br
               Displays normalized CPU run queue length load
               indices.
.sp 2
   \fB-E\fR
.br
               Displays effective CPU run queue length load
               indices. Options -N and -E are mutually exclusive.
.sp 2
   \fB-n \fInum_hosts\fB\fR
.br
               Displays only load information for the requested
               number of hosts. Information for up to num_hosts
               hosts that best satisfy resource requirements is
               displayed.
.sp 2
   \fB-R \fIres_req \fB\fR
.br
               Displays only load information for hosts that
               satisfy the specified resource requirements. See
               Administering Platform LSF for a list of built-in
               resource names.
.sp 2
               Load information for the hosts is sorted according
               to load on the specified resources.
.sp 2
               If res_req contains special resource names, only
               load information for hosts that provide these
               resources is displayed (use lshosts to find out
               what resources are available on each host).
.sp 2
               If one or more host names are specified, only load
               information for the hosts that satisfy the
               resource requirements is displayed.
.sp 2
   \fB-I \fIindex_list\fB\fR
.br
               Displays only load information for the specified
               load indices. Load index names must be separated
               by a colon (for example, \fRr1m:pg:ut\fR).
.sp 2
               If the index list \fIindex_list\fR is too long to
               fit in the screen of the user who invoked the
               command, the output is truncated. For example, if
               the invoker's screen is 80 characters wide, then
               up to 10 load indices are displayed.
.sp 2
   \fB-i \fIinterval\fB\fR
.br
               Sets how often load information is updated
               on-screen, in seconds.
.sp 2
   \fB-L \fIfile_name\fB\fR
.br
               Saves load information in the specified file while
               it is displayed on-screen.
.sp 2
               If you do not want load information to be
               displayed on your screen at the same time, use
               lsmon -L \fIfile_name\fR < /dev/null. The format
               of the file is described in lim.acct(5).
.sp 2
   \fB\fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
               Displays only load information for the specified
               hosts.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Usage"
\fBUsage\fR
.sp 2
   You can use the following commands while lsmon is running:
.sp 2
   [^L | i | n | N | E | R | q]
.sp 2
   \fB^L\fR
.br
               Refreshes the screen.
.sp 2
   \fBi\fR
.br
               Prompts you to input a new update interval.
.sp 2
   \fBn\fR
.br
               Prompts you to input a new number of hosts to
               display.
.sp 2
   \fBN\fR
.br
               Toggles between displaying raw CPU run queue
               length load indices and normalized CPU run queue
               length load indices.
.sp 2
   \fBE\fR
.br
               Toggles between displaying raw CPU run queue
               length load indices and effective CPU run queue
               length load indices.
.sp 2
   \fBR\fR
.br
               Prompts you to input new resource requirements.
.sp 2
   \fBq\fR
.br
               Quits lsmon.
.sp 2 .SH "Output"
\fBOutput\fR
.sp 2
   The following fields are displayed by default.
.sp 2
   \fBHOST_NAME\fR
.br
               Name of specified hosts for which load information
               is displayed, or if resource requirements were
               specified, name of hosts that satisfied the
               specified resource requirement and for which load
               information is displayed.
.sp 2
   \fBstatus\fR
.br
               Status of the host. A minus sign (-) may precede
               the status, indicating that the Remote Execution
               Server (RES) on the host is not running.
.sp 2
               Possible statuses are:
.sp 2
               \fBok \fR
.br
                           The host is in normal load sharing
                           state and can accept remote jobs.
.sp 2
               \fBbusy\fR
.br
                           The host is overloaded because some
                           load indices exceed configured
                           thresholds. Load index values that
                           caused the host to be busy are
                           preceded by an asterisk (\fR*)\fR.
                           Built-in load indices include
                           \fRr15s\fR, \fRr1m\fR, \fRr15m\fR,
                           \fRut\fR, \fRpg\fR, \fRio\fR,
                           \fRls\fR, \fRit\fR, \fRswp\fR,
                           \fRmem\fR and \fRtmp\fR (see below).
                           External load indices are configured
                           in the file
                           \fRlsf.cluster.\fR\fIcluster_name\fR.
.sp 2
               \fBlockW \fR
.br
                           The host is locked by its run window.
                           Run windows for a host are specified
                           in lsf.conf and can be displayed by
                           lshosts. A locked host does not accept
                           load shared jobs from other hosts.
.sp 2
               \fBlockU \fR
.br
                           The host is locked by the LSF
                           administrator or root.
.sp 2
               \fBunavail \fR
.br
                           The host is down or the Load
                           Information Manager (LIM) on the host
                           is not running.
.sp 2
               \fBunlicensed \fR
.br
                           The host does not have a valid LSF
                           license.
.sp 2
   \fBr15s\fR
.br
               The 15-second exponentially averaged CPU run queue
               length.
.sp 2
   \fBr1m\fR
.br
               The 1-minute exponentially averaged CPU run queue
               length.
.sp 2
   \fBr15m\fR
.br
               The 15-minute exponentially averaged CPU run queue
               length.
.sp 2
   \fBut\fR
.br
               The CPU utilization exponentially averaged over
               the last minute, between 0 and 1.
.sp 2
   \fBpg\fR
.br
               The memory paging rate exponentially averaged over
               the last minute, in pages per second.
.sp 2
   \fBls\fR
.br
               The number of current login users.
.sp 2
   \fBit\fR
.br
               On UNIX, the idle time of the host (keyboard not
               touched on all logged in sessions), in minutes.
.sp 2
               On Windows, the \fRit\fR index is based on the
               time a screen saver has been active on a
               particular host.
.sp 2
   \fBtmp\fR
.br
               The amount of free space in \fR/tmp\fR, in
               megabytes.
.sp 2
   \fBswp\fR
.br
               The amount of currently available swap space, in
               megabytes.
.sp 2
   \fBmem\fR
.br
               The amount of currently available memory, in
               megabytes.
.sp 2 .SH "Diagnostics"
\fBDiagnostics\fR
.sp 2
   Specifying an incorrect resource requirement string while
   lsmon is running (via the R option) causes lsmon to exit with
   an appropriate error message.
.sp 2
   lsmon exits if it does not receive a reply from LIM within the
   update interval.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lshosts, lsinfo, lsload, lslockhost, lim.acct, ls_load
