
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lspasswd 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlspasswd\fR
.sp 2
   registers user passwords in LSF on Windows
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lspasswd [-u user_name] [-p password]
.sp 2
lspasswd [-r] [-u user_name]
.sp 2
lspasswd [-c] [-u user_name] [-p password]
.sp 2
lspassword [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Registers user passwords in LSF on Windows. Passwords must be
   longer than 3 characters and 31 characters or less.
.sp 2
   By default, if no options are specified, the password applies
   to the user who issued the command.
.sp 2
   Users must update the password maintained by LSF if they
   change their Windows user account password.
.sp 2
   Passwords are Windows user account passwords and are saved in
   the LSF database. LSF uses the passwords to start jobs on
   behalf of the user.
.sp 2
   lspasswd communicates with LSF services to store the password.
   The password is stored in encrypted format and the password
   database is protected by file access permissions. The password
   remains encrypted as it travels through the network.
.sp 2
   The -p option allows scripts to use lspasswd. You should not
   use this option directly on the command line because the
   password is entered in full view on the command line. Only
   error messages are displayed when using the -p option.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-c -u \fIuser_name\fB -p \fIpassword\fB\fR
.br
               Check that the password is valid for the specified
               user.
.sp 2
   \fB-r -u \fIuser_name\fB\fR
.br
               Remove the user entry from the password database.
.sp 2
   \fB-u \fIuser_name\fB -p \fIpassword\fB\fR
.br
               Specify the user and password for the user whose
               password you want to register or change. Include
               the domain name in uppercase letters
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR).
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Limitations"
\fBLimitations\fR
.sp 2
   You must run lspasswd from an LSF Windows host.
.sp 2
