
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsplace 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsplace\fR
.sp 2
   displays hosts available to execute tasks
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsplace [-L] [-n minimum | -n 0] [-R res_req] [-w maximum | -w 0]
[host_name ...]
.sp 2
lsplace [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays hosts available for the execution of tasks, and
   temporarily increases the load on these hosts (to avoid
   sending too many jobs to the same host in quick succession).
   The inflated load decays slowly over time before the real load
   produced by the dispatched task is reflected in the LIM’s load
   information. Host names may be duplicated for multiprocessor
   hosts, to indicate that multiple tasks can be placed on a
   single host.
.sp 2
   By default, displays only one host name.
.sp 2
   By default, uses LSF default resource requirements.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-L \fR
.br
               Attempts to place tasks on as few hosts as
               possible. This is useful for distributed parallel
               applications to minimize communication costs
               between tasks.
.sp 2
   \fB-n \fIminimum\fB | -n 0 \fR
.br
               Displays at least the specified number of hosts.
               Specify 0 to display as many hosts as possible.
.sp 2
               Prints \fRNot enough host(s) currently eligible\fR
               and exits with status 1 if the required number of
               hosts holding the required resources cannot be
               found.
.sp 2
   \fB-R \fIres_req\fB \fR
.br
               Displays only hosts with the specified resource
               requirements. When LSF_STRICT_RESREQ=Y in
               lsf.conf, LSF rejects resource requirement strings
               where an rusage section contains a non-consumable
               resource.
.sp 2
   \fB-w \fImaximum\fB | -w 0 \fR
.br
               Displays no more than the specified number of
               hosts. Specify 0 to display as many hosts as
               possible.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIhost_name\fB ...\fR
.br
               Displays only hosts that are among the specified
               hosts.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   lsplace is mostly used in backquotes to pick out a host name
   that is then passed to other commands. The following example
   issues a command to display a lightly loaded HPPA-RISC host
   for your program to run on:
.sp 2
   lsrun -m ‘lsplace -R hppa‘ myprogram
.sp 2
   In order for a job to land on a host with an exclusive
   resource, you need to explicitly specify that resource for the
   resource requirements. The following example issues a command
   to display the host with the bigmem exclusive resource for
   your program to run on:
.sp 2
   \fRlsrun -m ‘lsplace -R "bigmem"‘ myprogram\fR
.sp 2
   The -w and -n options can be combined to specify the upper and
   lower bounds in processors to be returned, respectively. For
   example, the command
.sp 2
   lsplace -n 3 -w 5
.sp 2
   returns at least 3 and not more than 5 host names.
.sp 2 .SH "Diagnostics"
\fBDiagnostics\fR
.sp 2
   lsplace returns 1 if insufficient hosts are available. The
   exit status is -10 if a problem is detected in LSF, -1 for
   other errors, otherwise 0.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lsinfo(1), ls_placereq(3), lsload(1), lsrun(1)
