
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsrcp 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsrcp\fR
.sp 2
   remotely copies files using LSF
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsrcp [-a] source_file target_file
.sp 2
lsrcp [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Remotely copies files using LSF.
.sp 2
   lsrcp is an LSF-enabled remote copy program that transfers a
   single file between hosts in an LSF cluster. lsrcp uses RES on
   an LSF host to transfer files. If LSF is not installed on a
   host or if RES is not running then lsrcp uses rcp to copy the
   file.
.sp 2
   To use lsrcp, you must have read access to the file being
   copied.
.sp 2
   Both the source and target file must be owned by the user who
   issues the command.
.sp 2
   lsrcp uses rcp to copy a source file to a target file owned by
   another user. See rcp(1) and LIMITATIONS below for details.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-a\fR
.br
               Appends source_file to target_file.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIsource_file\fB \fItarget_file\fB\fR
.br
               Specify an existing file on a local or remote host
               that you want to copy, and a file to which you
               want to copy the source file.
.sp 2
               File format is as follows:
.sp 2
               [[\fIuser_name\fR@][\fIhost_name\fR]:][\fIpath\fR/]\fIfile_name\fR
.sp 2
               \fB\fIuser_name\fB \fR
.br
                           Login name to be used for accessing
                           files on the remote host. If
                           \fIuser_name\fR is not specified, the
                           name of the user who issued the
                           command is used.
.sp 2
               \fB\fIhost_name\fB \fR
.br
                           Name of the remote host on which the
                           file resides. If \fIhost_name\fR is
                           not specified, the local host, the
                           host from which the command was
                           issued, is used.
.sp 2
               \fB\fIpath\fB \fR
.br
                           Absolute path name or a path name
                           relative to the login directory of the
                           user. Shell file name expansion is not
                           supported on either the local or
                           remote hosts. Only single files can be
                           copied from one host to another.
.sp 2
                           Use "\\" to transfer files from a
                           Windows host to another Windows host.
                           For example:
.sp 2
                           \fRc:\\share>\fRlsrcp file1
                           hostA:c:\\temp\\file2
.sp 2
                           Use "/" to transfer files from a UNIX
                           host to a UNIX host. For example:
.sp 2
                           lsrcp file1
                           hostD:/home/usr2/test/file2
.sp 2
                           Always use "/" to transfer files from
                           a UNIX host to a Windows host, or from
                           a Windows host to a UNIX host. This is
                           because the operating system
                           interprets "\\" and lsrcp opens the
                           wrong files.
.sp 2
                           For example, to transfer a file from
                           UNIX to a Windows host:
.sp 2
                           lsrcp file1 hostA:c:/temp/file2
.sp 2
                           To transfer a file from Windows to a
                           UNIX host:
.sp 2
                           \fRc:\\share>\fRlsrcp file1
                           hostD:/home/usr2/test/file2
.sp 2
               \fB\fIfile_name\fB \fR
.br
                           Name of source file. File name
                           expansion is not supported.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   \fRlsrcp myfile @hostC:/home/usr/dir1/otherfile\fR
.sp 2
   Copies file \fRmyfile\fR from the local host to file
   \fRotherfile\fR on \fRhostC\fR.
.sp 2
   \fRlsrcp user1@hostA:/home/myfile user1@hostB:otherfile\fR
.sp 2
   Copies the file \fRmyfile\fR from \fRhostA\fR to file
   \fRotherfile\fR on \fRhostB\fR.
.sp 2
   \fRlsrcp -a user1@hostD:/home/myfile /dir1/otherfile\fR
.sp 2
   Appends the file \fRmyfile\fR on \fRhostD\fR to the file
   \fRotherfile\fR on the local host.
.sp 2
   \fRlsrcp /tmp/myfile user1@hostF:~/otherfile\fR
.sp 2
   Copies the file \fRmyfile\fR from the local host to file
   \fRotherfile\fR on \fRhostF\fR in \fRuser1\fR’s home
   directory.
.sp 2 .SH "Diagnostics"
\fBDiagnostics\fR
.sp 2
   lsrcp attempts to copy source_file to target_file using RES.
   If RES is down or fails to copy the source_file, lsrcp uses
   either rsh or the shell command specified by LSF_RSH in
   lsf.conf when the -a option is specified. When -a is not
   specified, lsrcp uses rcp.
.sp 2 .SH "Limitations"
\fBLimitations\fR
.sp 2
   File transfer using lsrcp is not supported in the following
   contexts:
.sp 2
     o  
         If LSF account mapping is used; lsrcp fails when running
         under a different user account
.sp 2
     o  
         On LSF client hosts. LSF client hosts do not run RES, so
         lsrcp cannot contact RES on the submission host
.sp 2
     o  
         Third party copies. lsrcp does not support third party
         copies, when neither source nor target file are on the
         local host. In such a case, rcp or rsh (or the shell
         command specified by LSF_RSH in lsf.conf) is used. If
         the target_file exists, lsrcp preserves the modes;
         otherwise, lsrcp uses the source_file modes modified
         with the \fRumask\fR (see \fRumask(2)\fR) of the source
         host.
.sp 2
   You can do the following:
.sp 2
     o  
         rcp on UNIX. If lsrcp cannot contact RES on the
         submission host, it attempts to use rcp to copy the
         file. You must set up the /etc/hosts.equiv or
         HOME/.rhosts file to use rcp. See the rcp(1), rsh(1),
         ssh(1) manual pages for more information on using the
         rcp, rsh, and ssh commands.
.sp 2
     o  
         You can replace lsrcp with your own file transfer
         mechanism as long as it supports the same syntax as
         lsrcp. This might be done to take advantage of a faster
         interconnection network, or to overcome limitations with
         the existing lsrcp. sbatchd looks for the lsrcp
         executable in the LSF_BINDIR directory.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   rsh, rcp, res
.sp 2
