
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsrtasks 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsrtasks\fR
.sp 2
   displays or updates a remote task list
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsrtasks [+ task_name[/res_req] ... | – task_name[/res_req] ...]
.sp 2
lsrtasks [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Displays or updates a user’s remote task list in
   $HOME/.lsftask.
.sp 2
   When no options are specified, displays tasks listed in the
   system task file lsf.task and the user’s task file (.lsftask).
.sp 2
   If there is a conflict between the system task file lsf.task
   and the user task file, the user task file overrides the
   system task file.
.sp 2
   Tasks in the remote task list are eligible for remote
   execution. You can associate resource requirements with each
   task name. Eligibility of tasks not specified in a task list
   for remote execution depends on the operation mode: local or
   remote. In local mode, tasks are not eligible for remote
   execution; in remote mode, tasks are eligible. You can specify
   the operation mode when deciding the eligibility of a task
   (see lseligible(1), and \fRls_eligible(3)\fR).
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB+ \fItask_name\fB[/\fIres_req\fB] ...\fR
.br
               If plus sign (+) is specified and the specified
               task names are not already in the user task file
               (.lsftask), adds the task names to the file with a
               + sign preceding them.
.sp 2
               If any of the task names are already in the
               .lsftask file, the actual action depends on the
               entry in the file. If the entry starts with a + or
               nothing, replaces the entry with the specified
               content; if the entry starts with a minus sign
               (–), deletes the entry from the .lsftask file.
.sp 2
               Remote tasks can have a resource requirement
               expression associated with them, separated by a
               backslash (/). See \fRls_task(3)\fR.
.sp 2
   \fB- \fItask_name\fB[/\fIres_req\fB] ...\fR
.br
               If – is specified and specified task names are not
               already in the user task file (.lsftask), adds the
               task names to the file with a – preceding the task
               name.
.sp 2
               If any of the task names are already in the
               .lsftask file, the actual action depends on the
               entry in the file. If the entry starts with a –,
               no operation is done; if the entry starts with a
               +, deletes the entry from the .lsftask file.
.sp 2
               Remote tasks can have a resource requirement
               expression associated with them, separated by a
               backslash /. See \fRls_task\fR(3).
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   \fR% \fRlsrtasks + task1 task2/"select[cpu && mem]" -
   task3\fR\fR
.sp 2
   or in restricted form:
.sp 2
   \fR% lsrtasks + task1 task2/cpu:mem - task3\fR
.sp 2
   Adds the command \fRtask1\fR to the remote task list with no
   resource requirements, adds \fRtask2\fR with the resource
   requirement \fRcpu:mem\fR, and removes \fRtask3\fR from the
   remote task list.
.sp 2
   % \fRlsrtasks + myjob/swap>=100 && cpu\fR
.sp 2
   Adds \fRmyjob\fR to the remote tasks list with its resource
   requirements.
.sp 2
   Running lsrtasks with no arguments displays the resource
   requirements of tasks in the remote list, separated from the
   task name by a slash (/):
.sp 2
   % lsrtaskscc/cpu              cfd3d/type == SG1 && cpu  compressdir/cpu:memf77/cpu             verilog/cpu && cadence    compress/cpudsim/type == any    hspice/cpu && cadence      nas/swp > 200 && cpucompress/-:cpu:mem  epi/hpux11 sparc           regression/cpucc/type == local    synopsys/swp >150 && cpu
.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   Reads the system task file lsf.task, and the user task file
   (.lsftask). See lsf.task(5) for more details.
.sp 2
   The system and user task files contain two sections, one for
   the remote task list, the other for the local task list. The
   remote tasks section starts with \fRBegin RemoteTasks\fR and
   ends with \fREnd RemoteTasks\fR. Each line in the section is
   an entry consisting of a task name.
.sp 2
   A plus sign + or a minus sign – can optionally precede each
   entry. If no + or – is specified, then + is assumed.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   lseligible, ls_task, lsltasks, lsf.task, ls_eligible
