
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsrun 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsrun\fR
.sp 2
   runs an interactive task through LSF
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lsrun [-l] [-L] [-P] [-S] [-v] [-m "host_name ..." | -m
"cluster_name ..."] [-R "res_req"] command [argument ...]
.sp 2
lsrun [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Submits a task to LSF for execution.
.sp 2
   With MultiCluster job forwarding model, the default is to run
   the task on a host in the local cluster.
.sp 2
   By default, lsrun first tries to obtain resource requirement
   information from the remote task list to find an eligible
   host. (See lseligible(1) and \fRls_task\fR(3).) Otherwise,
   lsrun runs the task on a host that is of the same host type
   (or architecture) as the submission host. If several hosts of
   the same architecture are available, the host with the lowest
   CPU and memory load is selected.
.sp 2
   By default, if execution fails and the local host satisfies
   resource requirements, LSF runs the task locally.
.sp 2
   By default, lsrun does not create a pseudo-terminal when
   running the task.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-l \fR
.br
               If execution on another host fails, runs the task
               locally.
.sp 2
   \fB-L\fR
.br
               Forces lsrun to go through RES to execute a task.
               By default, lsrun does not use RES if the task is
               going to run on the current host.
.sp 2
   \fB-P\fR
.br
               Creates a pseudo-terminal when starting the task
               on UNIX hosts. This is necessary to run programs
               that require a pseudo-terminal (for example,
               \fRvi\fR).
.sp 2
               This option is not supported on Windows.
.sp 2
   \fB-S\fR
.br
               Creates a pseudo-terminal with shell mode support
               when starting the task on a UNIX host. Shell mode
               support is required for running interactive shells
               or applications that redefine the CTRL-C and
               CTRL-Z keys (for example, jove).
.sp 2
               This option is not supported on Windows.
.sp 2
   \fB-v\fR
.br
               Displays the name of the host running the task.
.sp 2
   \fB-m "\fIhost_name\fB ..." | -m "\fIcluster_name\fB ..."\fR
.br
               The execution host must be one of the specified
               hosts. If a single host is specified, all resource
               requirements are ignored.
.sp 2
               If multiple hosts are specified and you do not use
               the -R option, the execution host must satisfy the
               resource requirements in the remote task list (see
               lsrtasks(1)). If none of the specified hosts
               satisfy the resource requirements, the task does
               not run.
.sp 2
               With MultiCluster job forwarding model, the
               execution host can be a host in one of the
               specified clusters, if the remote cluster accepts
               tasks from the local cluster. (See
               \fRRemoteClusters\fR section in lsf.cluster(5).)
.sp 2
   \fB-R "\fIres_req\fB" \fR
.br
               Runs the task on a host that meets the specified
               resource requirement. The size of the resource
               requirement string is limited to 512 bytes. For a
               complete explanation of resource requirement
               expressions, see Administering Platform LSF. To
               find out what resources are configured in your
               system, use lsinfo and lshosts.
.sp 2
               LSF supports ordering of resource requirements on
               all load indices, including external load indices,
               either static or dynamic.
.sp 2
               Exclusive resources need to be explicitly
               specified within the resource requirement string.
               For example, you defined a resource called
               \fRbigmem\fR in lsf.shared and defined it as an
               exclusive resource for \fRhostE\fR in
               lsf.cluster.mycluster. Use the following command
               to submit a task to run on \fRhostE\fR:
.sp 2
               \fRlsrun -R "bigmem" myjob\fR
.sp 2
               or
.sp 2
               \fRlsrun -R "defined(bigmem)" myjob\fR
.sp 2
               If the -m option is specified with a single host
               name, the -R option is ignored.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Usage"
\fBUsage\fR
.sp 2
   You can use lsrun together with other utility commands such as
   lsplace, lsload, lsloadadj, and lseligible to write load
   sharing applications in the form of UNIX shell scripts.
.sp 2
   lsrun supports interactive job control. Suspending lsrun
   suspends both the task and lsrun, and continuing lsrun
   continues the task.
.sp 2
   If \fBLSB_DISABLE_LIMLOCK_EXCL=y\fR (to enable preemption of
   exclusive jobs, for example), you can use lsrun to start a
   task on a host that is currently running an exclusive job.
.sp 2
   The -n option of rsh can be simulated by redirecting input
   from /dev/null. For example:
.sp 2
   lsrun cat </dev/null &
.sp 2 .SH "Diagnostics"
\fBDiagnostics\fR
.sp 2
   lsrun exits with status -10 and prints an error message to
   stderr if a problem is detected in LSF and the task is not
   run.
.sp 2
   The exit status is -1 and an error message is printed to
   stderr if a system call fails or incorrect arguments are
   specified.
.sp 2
   Otherwise, the exit status is the exit status of the task.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   rsh, ls_rexecv, lsplace, lseligible, lsload, lshosts,
   lsrtasks, lsf.cluster
.sp 2
