
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lstcsh 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlstcsh\fR
.sp 2
   load sharing \fRtcsh\fR for LSF
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
lstcsh [tcsh_options] [-L] [argument ...]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   lstcsh is an enhanced version of tcsh. lstcsh behaves exactly
   like tcsh, except that it includes a load sharing capability
   with transparent remote job execution for LSF.
.sp 2
   By default, a lstcsh script is executed as a normal tcsh
   script with load sharing disabled.
.sp 2
   If a command line is considered eligible for remote execution,
   LSF selects a suitable host— typically a powerful and/or
   lightly loaded host that can execute the command line
   correctly—and sends the command line to that host.
.sp 2
   You can restrict who can use \fR@\fR for host redirection in
   lstcsh with the parameter LSF_SHELL_AT_USERS in lsf.conf.
.sp 2 .SH "Remote Hosts"
\fBRemote Hosts\fR
.sp 2
   lstcsh provides a high degree of network transparency. Command
   lines executed on remote hosts behave the same as they do on
   the local host. The remote execution environment is designed
   to mirror the local one as closely as possible by using the
   same values for environment variables, terminal setup, current
   working directory, file creation mask, and so on. Each
   modification to the local set of environment variables is
   automatically reflected on remote hosts.
.sp 2
   Shell variables, nice values, and resource limits are not
   automatically propagated to remote hosts.
.sp 2 .SH "Job Control"
\fBJob Control\fR
.sp 2
   Job control in lstcsh is exactly the same as in tcsh except
   for remote background jobs. lstcsh numbers background jobs
   separately for each of the hosts that are used to execute
   them. The output of the built-in command job lists background
   jobs together with their execution hosts.
.sp 2
   To bring a remote background job to the foreground, the host
   name must be specified together with an at sign (\fR@\fR), as
   in the following example:
.sp 2
   \fRfg %2 @hostA\fR
.sp 2
   Similarly, the host name must be specified when killing a
   remote job. For example:
.sp 2
   \fRkill %2 @hostA\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB\fItcsh_options\fB\fR
.br
               lstcsh accepts all the options used by tcsh. See
               tcsh(1) for the meaning of specific options.
.sp 2
   \fB-L\fR
.br
               Executes a script with load sharing enabled.
.sp 2
               There are three ways to run a lstcsh script with
               load sharing enabled:
.sp 2
               - Execute the script with the -L option
.sp 2
               - Use the built-in command source to execute the
               script
.sp 2
               - Insert "#!/local/bin/lstcsh -L" as the first
               line of the script (assuming you install lstcsh in
               /local/bin).
.sp 2
               Using \fR@\fR or lsmode in a script does not
               enable load sharing if the script has not been
               executed using one of these three ways.
.sp 2 .SH "Usage"
\fBUsage\fR
.sp 2
   In addition to the built-in commands in tcsh, lstcsh provides
   the following built-in commands:
.sp 2
   \fRlsmode\fR [\fRon\fR | \fRoff\fR] [\fRlocal\fR |
   \fRremote\fR] [\fR@\fR] [\fRv\fR | \fR-v\fR] [\fRe \fR|
   \fR-e\fR] [\fRt\fR | \fR-t\fR] [\fRconnect\fR [\fIhost_name
   \fR...]] [\fRlsrtasks\fR [\fIlsrtasks_options\fR]]
   [\fRlsltasks\fR [\fIlsltasks_options\fR]] [\fRjobs\fR]
.sp 2
   \fBon | off\fR
.br
               Turns load sharing on or off. When off, you can
               specify \fR@\fR to send a command line to a remote
               host.
.sp 2
   \fBlocal | remote\fR
.br
               Sets operation mode of lstcsh.
.sp 2
               The default is local.
.sp 2
               \fBlocal\fR
.br
                           Local operation mode. This is the
                           default mode.
.sp 2
                           In this mode, a command line is
                           eligible for remote execution only if
                           all the specified tasks are present in
                           the remote task list in the user’s
                           tasks file $HOME/.lsftask, or if
                           \fR@\fR is specified on the command
                           line to force specified tasks to be
                           eligible for remote execution.
.sp 2
                           Tasks in the local task list must be
                           executed locally.
.sp 2
                           The local mode of operation is
                           conservative, and can fail to take
                           advantage of the performance benefits
                           and load balancing advantages of LSF.
.sp 2
                           The way \fRlstcsh\fR handles tasks
                           that are not present in the remote
                           task list nor in the local task list,
                           depends on the mode of operation of
                           \fRlstcsh\fR (local or remote).
.sp 2
               \fBremote\fR
.br
                           Remote operation mode.
.sp 2
                           In this mode, a command line is
                           considered eligible for remote
                           execution only if none of the
                           specified tasks are present in the
                           local task list in the user’s tasks
                           file $HOME/.lsftask.
.sp 2
                           Tasks in the remote list can be
                           executed remotely.
.sp 2
                           The remote mode of operation is
                           aggressive, and promotes extensive use
                           of LSF.
.sp 2
                           The way \fRlstcsh\fR handles tasks
                           that are not present in the remote
                           task list nor in the local task list,
                           depends on the mode of operation of
                           \fRlstcsh \fR(local or remote).
.sp 2
   \fB@\fR
.br
               Specify \fR@\fR to explicitly specify the
               eligibility of a command for remote execution.
.sp 2
               The \fR@\fR may be anywhere in the command line
               except in the first position (which is used to set
               the value of shell variables).
.sp 2
               There are several ways to use \fR@\fR:
.sp 2
               \fB@ \fR
.br
                           Specify \fR@\fR followed by nothing to
                           indicate the command line is eligible
                           for remote execution.
.sp 2
               \fB@ host_name \fR
.br
                           Specify \fR@\fR followed by a host
                           name to force the command line to be
                           executed on that host.
.sp 2
                           Host names and the reserved word local
                           following \fR@\fR can all be
                           abbreviated as long as they do not
                           cause ambiguity.
.sp 2
               \fB@ local \fR
.br
                           Specify \fR@\fR followed by the
                           reserved word local to force the
                           command line to executed on the local
                           host.
.sp 2
               \fB@ /res_req \fR
.br
                           Specify \fR@\fR followed by / and a
                           resource requirement string to
                           indicate the command is eligible for
                           remote execution, and that the
                           specified resource requirements must
                           be used instead of those in the remote
                           task list.
.sp 2
                           When specifying resource requirements
                           following the \fR@\fR it is necessary
                           to use / only if the first requirement
                           characters specified are also the
                           first characters of a host name.
.sp 2
   \fBe | -e\fR
.br
               Turns eligibility verbose mode on (e) or off (-e).
.sp 2
               If eligibility verbose mode is on, lstcsh shows
               whether the command is eligible for remote
               execution, and displays the resource requirement
               used if the command is eligible.
.sp 2
               The default is off.
.sp 2
   \fBv | -v\fR
.br
               Turns task placement verbose mode on (v) or off
               (-v). If verbose mode is on, lstcsh displays the
               name of the host on which the command is run if
               the command is not run on the local host.
.sp 2
               The default is on.
.sp 2
   \fBt | -t\fR
.br
               Turns wall clock timing on (t) or off (-t).
.sp 2
               If timing is on, the actual response time of the
               command is displayed. This is the total elapsed
               time in seconds from the time you submit the
               command to the time the prompt comes back.
.sp 2
               This time includes all remote execution overhead.
               The csh time built-in does not include the remote
               execution overhead.
.sp 2
               This is an impartial way of comparing the response
               time of jobs submitted locally or remotely,
               because all the load sharing overhead is included
               in the displayed elapsed time.
.sp 2
               The default is off.
.sp 2
   \fBconnect [\fIhost_name\fB ...]\fR
.br
               Establishes connections with specified remote
               hosts. If no hosts are specified, lists all the
               remote hosts to which an lstcsh connection has
               been established.
.sp 2
               A plus sign (+) with a remote host indicates that
               a server-shell has also been started on it.
.sp 2
   \fBlsrtasks [+ \fItask_name\fB[/\fIres_req\fB ...] | -
   \fItask_name\fB[/\fIres_req\fB ...]]\fR
.br
               Displays or update a user’s remote task list in
               the user’s task list $HOME/.lsftask.
.sp 2
               This command has the same function as the external
               command lsrtasks, except that the modified remote
               task list takes effect immediately for the current
               lstcsh session.
.sp 2
               See lsrtasks(1) for more details.
.sp 2
   \fBlsltasks [+ \fItask_name\fB ... | - \fItask_name\fB ...]
   \fR
.br
               Displays or update a user’s local task list in the
               user’s task list $HOME/.lsftask.
.sp 2
               This command has the same function as the external
               command lsltasks, except that the modified local
               task list takes effect immediately for the current
               lstcsh session.
.sp 2
               See lsltasks(1) for more details.
.sp 2
   \fBjobs\fR
.br
               Lists background jobs together with the execution
               hosts. This break of transparency is intentional
               to provide you with more control over your
               background jobs.
.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   There are three optional configuration files for lstcsh:
.sp 2
   .shrc
.sp 2
   .hostrc
.sp 2
   .lsftask
.sp 2
   The .shrc and .hostrc files are used by lstcsh alone, whereas
   .lsftask is used by LSF to determine general task eligibility.
.sp 2
   \fB~/.shrc\fR
.br
               Use this file when you want an execution
               environment on remote hosts that is different from
               that on the local host. This file is sourced
               automatically on a remote host when a connection
               is established. For example, if the remote host is
               of different type, you may need to run a version
               of the executable for that particular host type,
               therefore it may be necessary to set a different
               path on the remote host.
.sp 2
   \fB~/.hostrc \fR
.br
               Use this file to indicate a list of host names to
               which the user wants to be connected
               (asynchronously in the background) at lstcsh
               startup time. This saves the time spent in
               establishing the connections dynamically during
               execution of shell commands. Once a connection is
               set up, you can execute further remote commands on
               those connected hosts with very little overhead.
.sp 2
   \fB~/.lsftask \fR
.br
               Use this file to specify lists of remote and local
               tasks that you want to be added to the respective
               system default lists. Each line of this file is of
               the form task_name/res_req, where task_name is the
               name of a task, and res_req is a string specifying
               the resource requirements of the task. If res_req
               is not specified, the command is executed on
               machines of the same type as the local host.
.sp 2 .SH "Limitations"
\fBLimitations\fR
.sp 2
   Type-ahead for the next command is discarded when a job is
   executing in the foreground on a remote host.
.sp 2
   It is not possible to provide input data to load sharing shell
   scripts (that is, shell scripts whose content is load shared).
.sp 2
   The lstcsh is fully compatible with tcsh 6.03 7-bit mode. Any
   feature that is not included in tcsh 6.03 is not supported.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   csh, tcsh, lsrtasks, lsltasks, lseligible, lsinfo, lsload
