.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.TH QDEL 1 "1 August 1998"
.SH NAME
qdel \- Delete or signal one ore more NQS requests
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBqdel [ \fB\-k\fP ] [ \-\fIsigno\fP ] [ \fB\-u\fP \fIuser-name\fP ] \fIrequest-id\fP ...\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
The lsNQS version of the NQS command of the same name.
lsNQS allows you to use NQS commands to work with the load sharing batch
system,
.BR lsbatch (1).
.I qdel
deletes or sends a signal to the NQS requests that have been submitted to
lsbatch and whose
.IR request-id s
are listed on the command line.
.PP
An lsNQS request is always uniquely identified by its \fIrequest-id\fR,
regardless of which machine it has been dispatched to by lsbatch.
The \fIrequest-id\fR
of any NQS request is displayed when the request is first submitted,
unless the
.I silent
mode of operation for the given lsNQS command was specified (see
.BR qsub (1)).
You can also obtain the \fIrequest-id\fR
of any request through the use of the
.BR qstat (1)
command.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
.B -k
Sends the signal \f3\s-1SIGKILL\s+1\fR to all requests that have
\fIrequest-id\fRs listed on the command line.
This causes a receiving request to exit and be deleted.
In the absence of this and the \fB-signo\fP flags, \fIqdel\fR will not
delete a \fIrunning\fR NQS request.
.TP 5
.B -signo
Sends the specified signal, instead of the default \f3\s-1SIGKILL\s+1\fR signal,
to all requests that have \fIrequest-id\fRs listed on the command line.
\fIsigno\fR can be either a signal number or a signal name.
The signal names are as given in \fI/usr/include/signal.h\fR, stripped
of the common SIG prefix.
To delete or signal an NQS request, you must
be the owner (that is, the submitter of the request) or the superuser.
.TP 5
.B -u user-name
Deletes or signals requests owned by the user whose account name
is \fIuser-name\fR.
Normally, you can only signal or delete your own requests.
Only the lsbatch administrator is allowed to delete or signal a request
submitted by another user.
.SH CAVEATS
When an NQS request is signaled by the methods discussed above,
the proper signal is sent to
.I all
processes comprising each qualifying NQS request
that are in the same process group.
Whenever an NQS request is spawned, a new process group
is established for all processes in the request.
However, if one or more processes of the request successfully executes a
\fBsetpgrp\fR (2) system call, such processes do not
receive any signals sent by the
.BR qdel (1)
command. This can lead to ``rogue'' request processes that must be killed by
other means such as the
.BR kill (1)
command.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR qsub (1),
.BR qstat (1),
.BR kill (1),
.BR setpgrp (2),
.BR signal (3c),
.BR lsbatch (1)
