
.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.TH QSTAT 1 "1 August 1998"
.SH NAME
qstat \- Displays the status of one or more lsbatch queues
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBqstat [ \-l ] [ \-m ] [ \-x] [ \-a] [ \-u \fIuser-name\fP ]
[ \fIqueue-name\fP ... ] \fR
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBqstat\fP is an lsNQS version of the NQS command of the same name. It
displays the status of lsbatch queues.
.PP
If no queue is specified, the current status of all lsbatch
queues is displayed.
Otherwise, information is displayed for the specified queues only.
.PP
For each specified queue,
\fBqstat\fP
displays a
.I queue header\^
(contains information about the queue itself),
followed by information about requests in the queue.
Ordinarily,
\fBqstat\fP
shows only those requests that belong to the invoker.
.PP
The
.I queue header\^
always includes the queue-name, queue type,
queue status (see below),
and the number of requests waiting and running in the queue.
An extended queue header also displays the priority and run limit
of a queue, as well as the access restrictions and resource limits.
.PP
By default,
\fBqstat\fP
displays the following information about
a request: the
.IR request-name\^ ,
the
.IR request-id\^ ,
the owner, and the current request state (see below).
.PP
The relative ordering of requests within a queue
determines the order in which the requests are run. This is subject to
the availability of resources needed by each request, and whether the
user interferes with the running order.
.SH OPTIONS
.RS
.TP "\w'-u user-name'u+3n"
\f3-l\fP
Requests are displayed in a long format, and show more details than the default,
short format.
\fBqstat -l\fR
shows the time at which the request was created, an indication of where mail
is sent, the user name on the originating machine, resource limits,
planned disposition of \fIstderr\fP, and \fIstdout\fP.
.TP
\f3-m\fP
Requests are shown in a medium-length format. At present, this is the same
as the long format.
.TP
\f3-x\fP
The queue header is shown in an extended format.
.TP
\f3-a\fP
Shows all requests belonging to all users.
.TP
\f3-u \f2user-name\^\fP
Shows only those requests belonging to the user
.IR user-name\^ .
.TP
\f2queue-name\  ...\^\fP
Shows only those requests in the specified queue or queues .
.RE
.SH QUEUE STATE
The general state of a queue is defined by whether or not requests can be
submitted to the queue. If they can, the queue is said to be
.IR "enabled\^" .
Otherwise the queue is said to be
.IR "disabled\^" .
.SH REQUEST STATE
The state of a request can be
.IR waiting\^
or
.IR running\^ ,
.TP
\(bu  \fIwaiting\fP
The request was submitted with the constraint that it cannot be run before
a certain date and time, and that date and time have not yet arrived.
.TP
\(bu  \fIrunning\fP
The request has been scheduled and is actually executing or is suspended during
its execution. \The processes of the request can be suspended by a
signal sent by qdel(1) from the user.
.SH "CAVEATS"
The output format of this command is different from \fBqstat\fP in NQS.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR qsub (1),
.BR qdel (1)
