
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH ssacct 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBssacct\fR
.sp 2
   displays accounting statistics about finished Session
   Scheduler jobs
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
ssacct [-l] job_ID [task_ID | "task_ID[index]"]
.sp 2
ssacct [-l] "job_ID [index]" [task_ID | "task_ID[index]"]
.sp 2
ssacct [-l] -f log_file [job_ID [task_ID | "task_ID[index]"]]
.sp 2
ssacct [-l] -f log_file ["job_ID [index]" [task_ID |
"task_ID[index]"]]
.sp 2
ssacct [-h] | [-V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   By default, displays accounting statistics for all finished
   jobs submitted by the user who invoked the command.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB-l\fR
.br
               Long format. Displays additional accounting
               statistics.
.sp 2
   \fB-f \fIlog_file\fB \fR
.br
               Searches the specified job log file for accounting
               statistics. Specify either an absolute or relative
               path.
.sp 2
               By default, ssacct searches for accounting files
               in SSCHED_ACCT_DIR in lsb.params. Use this option
               to parse a specific file in a different location.
               You can specify a log file name, or a job ID, or
               both a log file and a job ID. The following are
               correct:
.sp 2
               ssacct -f log_file job_ID
.sp 2
               ssacct -f log_file
.sp 2
               ssacct job_ID
.sp 2
               The specified file path can contain up to 4094
               characters for UNIX, or up to 255 characters for
               Windows.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIjob_ID\fB | "\fIjob_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]" \fR
.br
               Displays information about the specified jobs or
               job arrays.
.sp 2
   \fB\fItask_ID\fB | "\fItask_ID\fB[\fIindex\fB]" \fR
.br
               Displays information about the specified tasks or
               task arrays.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints Session Scheduler release version to stderr
               and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: default format"
\fBOutput: default format\fR
.sp 2
   Statistics on all tasks in the session. The following fields
   are displayed:
.sp 2
     o  
         Total number of done tasks
.sp 2
     o  
         Total CPU time in seconds consumed
.sp 2
     o  
         Average CPU time in seconds consumed
.sp 2
     o  
         Maximum CPU time in seconds of a task
.sp 2
     o  
         Minimum CPU time in seconds of a task
.sp 2
     o  
         Total wait time in seconds
.sp 2
     o  
         Average wait time in seconds
.sp 2
     o  
         Maximum wait time in seconds
.sp 2
     o  
         Minimum wait time in seconds
.sp 2
     o  
         Average turnaround time (seconds/task)
.sp 2
     o  
         Maximum turnaround time (seconds/task)
.sp 2
     o  
         Minimum turnaround time (seconds/task)
.sp 2
     o  
         Average hog factor of a job (CPU time/turnaround time)
.sp 2
     o  
         Maximum hog factor of a task (CPU time/turnaround time)
.sp 2
     o  
         Minimum hog factor of a task (CPU time/turnaround time)
.sp 2
   The total, average, minimum, and maximum statistics are on all
   specified tasks.
.sp 2
   The wait time is the elapsed time from job submission to job
   dispatch.
.sp 2
   The turnaround time is the elapsed time from job submission to
   job completion.
.sp 2
   The hog factor is the amount of CPU time consumed by a job
   divided by its turnaround time.
.sp 2 .SH "Output: long format (-l)"
\fBOutput: long format (-l)\fR
.sp 2
   In addition to the fields displayed by default in SUMMARY, -l
   displays the following fields:
.sp 2
   \fBCPU_T \fR
.br
               CPU time in seconds used by the task
.sp 2
   \fBWAIT\fR
.br
               Wall clock time in seconds between when the task
               was submitted to the Session Scheduler and when it
               has been dispatched to an execution host
.sp 2
   \fBTURNAROUND\fR
.br
               Wall clock time in seconds between when the task
               was submitted to the Session Scheduler and when it
               has completed running
.sp 2
   \fBSTATUS\fR
.br
               Status that indicates the job was either
               successfully completed (done) or exited (exit)
.sp 2
   \fBHOG_FACTOR\fR
.br
               Average hog factor, equal to CPU time /turnaround
               time
.sp 2 .SH "Examples: default format"
\fBExamples: default format\fR
.sp 2
   ssacct 108 1[1]
.sp 2
   Accounting information about tasks that are:
.sp 2
     - submitted by all users.
.sp 2
     - completed normally or exited.
.sp 2
     - executed on all hosts.
.sp 2
   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.sp 2

.sp 2
   SUMMARY:      ( time unit: second )
.sp 2
    Total number of done tasks:       1      Total number of exited tasks:     0
.sp 2
    Total CPU time consumed:       0.0      Average CPU time consumed:     0.0
.sp 2
    Maximum CPU time of a task:     0.0      Minimum CPU time of a task:     0.0
.sp 2
    Total wait time:     2.0
.sp 2
    Average wait time:    2.0
.sp 2
    Maximum wait time:    2.0      Minimum wait time:    2.0
.sp 2
    Average turnaround time:         3 (seconds/task)
.sp 2
    Maximum turnaround time:         3      Minimum turnaround time:         3
.sp 2
    Average hog factor of a task:  0.01 ( cpu time / turnaround time )
.sp 2
    Maximum hog factor of a task :  0.01      Minimum hog factor of a task:  0.01
.sp 2 .SH "Examples: long format (-l)"
\fBExamples: long format (-l)\fR
.sp 2
   ssacct -l 108 1[1]
.sp 2
   Accounting information about tasks that are:
.sp 2
     - submitted by all users.
.sp 2
     - completed normally or exited.
.sp 2
     - executed on all hosts.
.sp 2

.sp 2
   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.sp 2
   Job <108>, Task <1>, User <user1>, Status <Done> Command <myjob>
.sp 2
   Thu Nov  1 13:48:03 2008: Submitted from host <hostA>;
.sp 2
   Thu Nov  1 13:48:05 2008: Dispatched to <hostA>, Execution CWD </home/user1/src>
.sp 2
   Thu Nov  1 13:48:06 2008: Completed <done>.
.sp 2

.sp 2
   Accounting information about this job:
.sp 2
        CPU_T     WAIT     TURNAROUND   STATUS     HOG_FACTOR
.sp 2
         0.03        2              3     done         0.0113
.sp 2
   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.sp 2

.sp 2
   SUMMARY:      ( time unit: second )
.sp 2
    Total number of done tasks:       1      Total number of exited tasks:     0
.sp 2
    Total CPU time consumed:       0.0      Average CPU time consumed:     0.0
.sp 2
    Maximum CPU time of a task:     0.0      Minimum CPU time of a task:     0.0
.sp 2
    Total wait time:     2.0
.sp 2
    Average wait time:    2.0
.sp 2
    Maximum wait time:    2.0      Minimum wait time:    2.0
.sp 2
    Average turnaround time:         3 (seconds/task)
.sp 2
    Maximum turnaround time:         3      Minimum turnaround time:         3
.sp 2
    Average hog factor of a task:  0.01 ( cpu time / turnaround time )
.sp 2
    Maximum hog factor of a task :  0.01      Minimum hog factor of a task:  0.01
.sp 2 .SH "Files"
\fBFiles\fR
.sp 2
   Reads \fIjob_ID\fR.ssched.acct
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   ssched, lsb.params
