
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH taskman 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBtaskman\fR
.sp 2
   checks out a license token and manages interactive UNIX
   applications
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
taskman -Lp project -R “rusage[token=number[:duration=minutes |
hours h] [:token=number[:duration=minutes | hours h]]...] [-N
n_retries] [-v] command
.sp 2
taskman [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Runs the interactive UNIX application on behalf of the user.
   When it starts, the task manager connects to License Scheduler
   to request the application license tokens. When all the
   requested licenses are available, the task manager starts the
   application. While the application is running, the task
   manager monitors resource usage, CPU, and memory, and reports
   the usage to License Scheduler. When the application
   terminates, the task manager exits.
.sp 2
   By default, a license is reserved for the duration of the
   task, so the application can check out the license at any
   time. Use the duration keyword if you want unused licenses to
   be reallocated if the application fails to check out the
   license before the reservation expires.
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB\fIcommand\fB\fR
.br
               Required. The command to start the job that
               requires the license.
.sp 2
   \fB-v\fR
.br
               Verbose mode. Displays detailed messages about the
               status of configuration files.
.sp 2
   \fB-N \fIn_retries\fB\fR
.br
               Specifies the maximum number of retry attempts
               taskman takes to connect to the daemon. If this
               option is not specified, taskman retries
               indefinitely.
.sp 2
   \fB-Lp \fIproject\fB\fR
.br
               Required. Specifies the interactive license
               project that is requesting tokens. The client must
               be known to LSF License Scheduler.
.sp 2
   \fB-R “rusage[token=\fInumber\fB [:\fIduration=minutes\fB |
   \fIhours\fB h] [:\fItoken=number\fB [:\fIduration=minutes\fB |
   \fIhours\fB h] ] ...]\fR
.br
               Required. Specifies the type and number of license
               tokens to request from License Scheduler.
               Optionally, specifies a time limit for the license
               reservation, expressed as an integer (the keyword
               h following the number indicates hours instead of
               minutes). You may specify multiple license types,
               with different duration values. Separate each
               requirement with a colon (:). Enclose the entire
               list in one set of square brackets.
.sp 2
   \fB-h\fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V\fR
.br
               Prints the License Scheduler release version to
               stderr and exits.
