
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH tssub 1 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBtssub\fR
.sp 2
   submits a Terminal Services job to LSF
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Synopsis"
\fBSynopsis\fR
.sp 2
tssub [bsub_options] command [arguments]
.sp 2
tssub [-h | -V]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Submits a Terminal Services job for batch execution and
   assigns it a unique numerical job ID.
.sp 2
   tssub is a wrapper around the bsub command that only submits
   jobs to hosts that have Microsoft Terminal Services installed.
   For bsub options, see the bsub command.
.sp 2
   You submit Terminal Services job with tssub instead of bsub.
   If the terminal window is closed, the job remains running. You
   can reconnect to view the job with tspeek.
.sp 2
   tssub is supported on Windows and Linux. You cannot use tssub
   to submit Terminal Services jobs from UNIX.
.sp 2
   If the job is dispatched to a host in which Terminal Services
   is not installed or properly configured, the job is set to the
   PEND state and a pending reason is written in
   sbatchd.log.\fIhost_name\fR.
.sp 2
   If tssub -I is specified, a terminal display is visible on the
   submission host after the job has been started.
.sp 2
   If the job is not a GUI job, LSF runs a command window and
   output is displayed in the command window when something is
   written to stdout.
.sp 2
   Pre- and post-execution commands are executed within the
   terminal session. The job does not complete until
   post-execution commands complete.
.sp 2
   If you use bjobs -l to monitor the job, you see a message
   similar to \fR“External Message 2 was posted from
   LSF\\lsfadmin to message box 2”\fR. The body of the message
   contains the ID of the terminal session that was created.
.sp 2
   Use tspeek to view job output.
.sp 2
   tssub sets the LSB_TSJOB and LSF_LOGON_DESKTOP environment
   variables. These variables are then transferred to the
   execution host:
.sp 2
   \fBLSF_LOGON_DESKTOP\fR
.br
               When LSF_LOGON_DESKTOP=1, jobs run in interactive
               foreground sessions. This allows GUIs to be
               displayed on the execution host. If this parameter
               is not defined, jobs run in the background.
.sp 2
   \fBLSB_TSJOB\fR
.br
               When the LSB_TSJOB variable is defined to any
               value, it indicates to LSF that the job is a
               Terminal Services job.
.sp 2 .SH "Limitations"
\fBLimitations\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         You cannot use bmod to modify a job submitted as a
         Terminal Services job to become a non-Terminal Services
         job
.sp 2
     o  
         The bsub option -o \fIout_file\fR is not supported for
         tssub
.sp 2
     o  
         Only Windows bsub options are supported for tssub. For
         example, you cannot use the options -Ip, -Is, -L
         \fIlogin_shell\fR of bsub with tssub.
.sp 2
     o  
         Interactive bsub options (-I, -Ip, -Is) are not
         supported with tssub on Linux
.sp 2
     o  
         If user mapping is defined, the user who invokes tspeek
         must have the required privileges to access the session
.sp 2
     o  
         MultiCluster is not supported
.sp 2 .SH "Options"
\fBOptions\fR
.sp 2
   \fB\fIbsub_options\fB\fR
.br
               Only Windows bsub options are supported for tssub.
               For example, you cannot use the options -Ip, -Is,
               -L \fIlogin_shell\fR of bsub with tssub.
.sp 2
               For bsub options, see the bsub command.
.sp 2
   \fB\fIcommand\fB [\fIargument\fB]\fR
.br
               The job can be specified by a command line
               argument command, or through the standard input if
               the command is not present on the command line.
               The\fI command\fR is assumed to begin with the
               first word that is not part of a tssub option. All
               arguments that follow \fIcommand\fR are provided
               as the arguments to the \fIcommand\fR.
.sp 2
               The job command can be up to 4094 characters long
               for UNIX and Linux or up to 255 characters for
               Windows. If no job name is specified with -J,
               bjobs, bhist and bacct displays the command as the
               job name.
.sp 2
               The commands are executed in the order in which
               they are given.
.sp 2
   \fB-h \fR
.br
               Prints command usage to stderr and exits.
.sp 2
   \fB-V \fR
.br
               Prints LSF release version to stderr and exits.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   bsub, tspeek
