.\"
.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.TH XBSUB 1 "1 August 1998"
.SH NAME
\fBxbsub\fR \- Motif-based Graphical User Interface for batch job submission 
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBxbsub\fR [standard X11/Motif options...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBxbsub\fR provides a Motif-based graphical user interface for 
submitting a batch job to the LSF system.
.PP
\fBNOTE:\fR
.PP
The UNIX X-GUI commands (xbmod, xlsbatch, xbsub, xlsmon) are obsolete. 
The command binaries remain available in the distribution packages as a 
courtesy, but are provided "as is" and are no longer officially supported.
.BR
.PP

.sp
.SH MAIN WINDOW 
The main window of \fBxbsub\fR consists of a menu bar, a working area, some
buttons and a message line. 

The working area contains text fields to specify Command Line and 
commonly-used job options such as candidate queues, hosts, resource
requirement, input, output and error files. There is a button close to
each field for opening a dialog box to help specify the job option.
The advanced job options can be specified in the advanced dialog
box, which is opened by clicking "Advanced..." button in the main window. 
By clicking on different tabs in the working area, you may choose
to submit a regular batch job, or a batch interactive job. 

The current working directory is shown on the top-right of the working area.

The queue, host and resource data used in \fBxbsub\fR are updated periodically, 
and they can also be updated manually. The latest update time is shown
on the bottom-right of the main window.
.PP
Menu Bar
.PP
The menu bar of the main window contains the following items:
\fBFile\fR, \fBEdit\fR, \fBOptions\fR and \fBHelp\fR.
.PP
File Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B Update 
Updates queue, host and resource data from the batch system.
.TP 5
.B New 
Clears Command Line and sets default values to job options in the main window
and advanced dialog box.
.TP 5
.B Load a Job Option File... 
Loads a job option file, and sets the values specified in the file to
appropriate job options in the main window and advanced dialog box.
.TP 5
.B Save Job Options into a File... 
Saves the job options specified in the main window and advanced dialog box
into a file.
.TP 5
.B Submit 
Submits the job in Command Line to the batch system, with the job options
specified in the main window and advanced dialog box.
When submitting an batch interactive job, by default an xterm is opened 
to run the job, you may specify the command for opening the terminal
(e.g. hpterm) in \fB$XBSUB_TERM\fR environment variable.
.TP 5
.B Exit  
Exits the application (\fBxbsub\fR).
.RE
.TP 5
Edit Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B Defaults
Sets default values to job options in the main window and advanced dialog box.
.TP 5
.B Revert 
Reverts values of job options back to what is specified in the last loaded 
job option file.
.TP 5
.B Advanced Parameters... 
Opens the advanced dialog box for specifying more job options.
.TP 5
.B Change Current Directory... 
Opens a file selection dialog box for changing current working directory.
.RE
.TP 5
Options Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B Set Options... 
Opens a dialog box to set \fBxbsub\fR settings,
including the refresh period and command to print on-line help.
.TP 5
.B Save Options 
Saves the current \fBxbsub\fR settings (size and position of the
main window, the refresh period and command to print on-line help)
into the
.BR  ~/.XBsub
resource file in your home directory. 
\fBxbsub\fR reads this file, if available, on startup to
obtain the configuration information.
.TP 5
.B Restore Options 
Restores the \fBxbsub\fR settings (the refresh period and
command to print on-line help) from the last saved
.BR  ~/.XBsub
resource file.
.RE
.TP 5
Help Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  On Version... 
Displays the \s-1LSF\s0 version number and copyright information.
.TP 5
.B  On Window... 
Opens an on-line \fBHelp\fR window to display information about the tasks that
you can perform with \fBxbsub\fR.
.TP 5
.B  On Help... 
Opens an on-line \fBHelp\fR window to display information about how to use the
on-line help.
.TP 5
.B  On Company Info... 
Displays the address of \s-1Platform Computing Corporation\s0.
.RE
.sp
.SH ADVANCED DIALOG BOX
The advanced dialog box consists of text fields and toggle buttons
for specifying
job name, project name, login shell, pre-execution command, job
dependencies, mail user, when to notify, number of processors, job
begin time, job terminate time and whether the job is exclusive, or 
rerunnable. The three buttons below the text fields are for opening
checkpoint dialog box, limits dialog box and file transfer dialog
box to specify checkpoint option, resource limits and file transfer
parameters.
.RE
.sp
.SH CHECKPOINT DIALOG BOX
The checkpoint dialog box consists of a "Checkpointable" toggle button,
a "Checkpoint Period" text filed, and  a file selection area for
specifying the checkpoint directory.
To submit a checkpointable job, set the "Checkpointable" toggle, and
specify the checkpoint period and directory; Otherwise, unset the
"Checkpointable" toggle.
.RE
.sp
.SH LIMITS DIALOG BOX
The limits dialog box consists of a couple of text fields for
specifying the CPU time limit, wall-clock run time limit, file limit,
stack limit, memory limit, data limit and core limit for the whole job.
.RE
.sp
.SH FILE TRANSFERS DIALOG BOX
The file transfers dialog box consists of a file transfer list, a file
transfer area and some buttons. To add a file transfer to the list,
fill in the "File on Submission Host" and "File on Execution Host" field,
select the transfer operators, and click the Add button. You can
select a file transfer from the list, modify it and replace the old one
by clicking the Replace button. To remove a file transfer. select it from
the list, and click the Remove button.
.RE
.sp
.SH X DEFAULTS
The \fBxbsub\fR application uses the relevant resource specifications
in the X default files to configure the \fBxbsub\fR window.
The format for a resource specification in the X default files is:
.RS 5
.PP
\fB[\fIname\fB*]\fIresource\fB:  \fIvalue\fR
.PP
.I name
specifies the application name or the name string that restricts 
the resource assignment to that application or to a
component of an application.  If this argument is not specified, 
the resource assignment is globally available to all X applications.
.PD 0

.I resource
specifies the resource.

.I value
specifies the value that is to be assigned to the resource.
.PD
.RE
.PP
For \fBxbsub\fR, the application class is \fBXBsub\fR and 
the application name is \fBxbsub\fR.
.PP
In addition to the general resources listed in \fBX\fR(1), resources
available to \fBxbsub\fR include:
.TP 5
.B refreshRate
Specifies the \fBxbsub\fR information refresh period.
The permissible range for the refresh period is 1 to 60 minutes.
The default is 2 minutes.
.TP 5
.B printCommand
Specifies the command to print \fBxbsub\fR on line help. The default
command is "lp".
.TP 5
.B multiClickTime
Specifies the time interval between two consecutive mouse button clicks.
The default is 0.5 sec.
.TP 5
.B customizedMenu 
Customizes pulldown menus in the main window of \fBxbsub\fR.

The value of \fBcustomizedMenu\fR should be a character string enclosed in
double quotes, whose components are separated by spaces. For example,

xbsub*customizedMenu:"A1 B1 C1 D1 A2 B2 C2 B2 ... An Bn Cn Dn"

From the beginning of the string, every four consecutive components
constitute a group which customizes one menu item. Each component is
either a character string or several character strings encompassed
by parentheses.

(1) To remove a pulldown menu from the menu bar, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu name to be removed from the menu bar,
\fBBi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBCi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBDi\fR: 0 (zero).

(2) To remove a menu item from a pulldown menu, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu name where some item will be removed,
\fBBi\fR: the menu item name to be removed,
\fBCi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBDi\fR: 0 (zero).

(3) To remove a sub-pulldown menu from a pulldown menu, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu where some sub-pulldown will be removed,
\fBBi\fR: the sub-pulldown menu name to be removed,
\fBCi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBDi\fR: 0 (zero).

(4) To remove a menu item from a sub-pulldown menu, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu where the sub-pulldown menu resides,
\fBBi\fR: the sub-pulldown menu name where some item will be removed,
\fBCi\fR: the menu item name to be removed,
\fBDi\fR: 0 (zero).

(5) To add a new item in the menu bar, specify
\fBAi\fR: new menu name to be added,
\fBBi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBCi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBDi\fR: same as Ai.

(6) To add a new item in a pulldown menu with an executable, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu name where the new item will be added,
\fBBi\fR: new menu item name to be added,
\fBCi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBDi\fR: executable name which will be execvpED when this item is chosen.

(7) To add a new item in a sub-pulldown menu with an executable, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu name where the sub-pulldown menu resides,
\fBBi\fR: the sub-pulldown menu name where the new item will be added,
\fBCi\fR: new menu item name to be added,
\fBDi\fR: executable name which will be execvpED when this item is chosen.

(8) To replace an item's command in the pulldown menu by a new executable, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu name where some item's command will be replaced,
\fBBi\fR: the menu item name whose command will be replaced,
\fBCi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBDi\fR: executable name which will be execvpED when the item specified in Bi is chosen.

(9) To replace an item's command in the sub-pulldown menu by a new executable, specify 
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu name where the sub-pulldown menu resides,
\fBBi\fR: the sub-pulldown menu name where some item's command will be replaced,
\fBCi\fR: the menu item name whose command will be replaced,
\fBDi\fR: executable name which will be execvpED when the item specified in Ci is chosen.

.PP
.RE
.SH X DEFAULT FILES
.PD 0
.TP 22
.B ~/.Xdefaults
.TP 22
.B XLSF_APPDIR/XBsub
.TP 22
.B ~/.XBsub

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bsub(1),
.BR X (1)

