.\"
.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.TH XLSBATCH 1 "1 August 1998"
.SH NAME
xlsbatch \- Motif-based Graphical User Interface for LSF Batch 
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBxlsbatch \fR [standard X11/Motif options...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBxlsbatch\fR provides a Motif-based graphical user interface for the batch 
system. The \fBxlsbatch\fR program acts as a front end to various
batch commands.
.PP
\fBNOTE:\fR
.PP
The UNIX X-GUI commands (xbmod, xlsbatch, xbsub, xlsmon) are obsolete. 
The command binaries remain available in the distribution packages as a 
courtesy, but are provided "as is" and are no longer officially supported.
.BR
.PP
Any user can use \fBxlsbatch\fR to submit and manipulate batch jobs 
and obtain batch system information.
Pending jobs may be modified, moved to the top or bottom of a queue,
or switched to a different queue.
Running jobs can be suspended, resumed, deleted, killed, checkpointed,
migrated to another host or sent arbitrary signals.
The user can view brief job info in the job list, and more job info
such as detail, history and partial output can be obtained in separate
windows.
.PP
.SH MAIN WINDOW 
The main window of \fBxlsbatch\fR consists of a menu bar, 
a tool bar, a job list, a queue area and a message line. However, you
may show hosts in the main window and customize what is in the main window 
by choosing from the \fBOptions\fR menu.
By default, the job list displays all your jobs except those that have
finished,
you may show other jobs in the list by choosing \fBInclude...\fR from the
\fBJob\fR menu. Some commonly-used job commands are included in the toolbar
whose look-and-feel can also be customized.  
Both host and queue areas display the names and status of all 
batch server hosts and queues in the batch system, which can be shown
either by icon or by list.  At the bottom, there is a message line which
gives the last information or error message from \fBxlsbatch\fR, a
separate message window is available by clicking the button on the
bottom-left corner. 
The job, queue and host data in \fBxlsbatch\fR are updated periodically.
They can also be updated manually. The latest update time is shown
on the bottom-right of the main window.

Pressing the third mouse button in the job list, or the host area, or
the queue area posts a popup menu.

.PP
Menu Bar
.PP
The menu bar for the main window contains the following items:
\fBFile\fR, \fBJob\fR, \fBHost\fR, \fBQueue\fR, \fBUser\fR, \fBParameter\fR,
\fBOptions\fR and \fBHelp\fR.
.PP
File Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B Update
Updates job, queue and host data from the batch system and refreshes
the window.
.TP 5
.B Exit 
Exits the application (\fBxlsbatch\fR).
.RE
.TP 5
Job Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B Select All 
Selects all jobs in the job list.
.TP 5
.B Unselect All 
Unselects any selected job(s) in the job list.
.TP 5
.B Include...
Pops up a dialog box to decide what kind of jobs to be displayed 
in the job list.
.TP 5
.B Summary...
Pops up a dialog box displaying a summary of jobs in the job list.
.TP 5
.B Sort 
Sort the jobs in the job list by different criteria.
.TP 5
.B Submit... 
Open the \fBJob Submission\fR window to submit a job.
.TP 5
.B Restart... 
Opens the \fBJob Restart\fR window to restart a job.
.TP 5
.B Manipulate 
The \fBManipulate\fR submenu contains items to manipulate the selected job(s).
The submenu contains:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B Chkpnt...
Pops up a \fBJob Checkpoint\fR dialog box to checkpoint the job(s)
selected in the job list.
.TP 5
.B Migrate...
Pops up a \fBJob Migration\fR dialog box to migrate the job(s)
selected in the job list.
.TP 5 
.B Signal
Sends an arbitrary signal to the job(s) selected in the job list.
.TP 5
.B Top
Moves the selected pending job(s) ahead of other pending jobs in the queue.
If invoked by a regular user, moves the selected
job(s) ahead of the user's first pending job in the queue.
If invoked by the \s-1LSF\s0 administrator, moves the
selected job(s) to the front of the queue. The positions of
any user's jobs in the queue can be changed by the \s-1LSF\s0
administrator.
.TP 5
.B Bottom
Moves the selected pending job(s) behind other pending jobs in the queue.
If invoked by a regular user, moves the selected
job(s) behind the user's last pending job in the queue.
If invoked by the \s-1LSF\s0 administrator, moves the
selected job(s) to the end of the queue. 
.TP 5
.B Switch
Switches the selected job(s) from one queue to another.
.TP 5 
.B Stop
Suspends execution of the selected job(s).
.TP 5 
.B Resume
Resumes execution of the selected job(s).
.TP 5 
.B Modify... 
Open the \fBJob Modification\fR window to modify the selected job.
.TP 5 
.B Delete... 
Deletes the selected job(s).
.TP 5 
.B Kill
Terminates the selected job(s).
.RE
.TP 5
.B View 
The \fBView\fR submenu contains items to view the selected jobs.
The submenu contains:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B Detail
Opens the \fBJob Detail\fR window showing detailed information about 
the selected job(s), such as the options they were submitted with and when they
were started. If the job is pending
or suspended, the reason for this is also displayed.
.TP 5
.B History
Opens the \fBJob History\fR window showing the history of the selected job(s)
(that is, all the events that have happened to them).
.TP 5
.B Peek
Opens the \fBJob Peek\fR window showing the standard output and standard 
error files of the selected job(s).
.RE
.RE
.TP 5
Host Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B Select All 
Selects all hosts in the host area.
.TP 5
.B Unselect All 
Unselects any selected host(s) in the host area.
.TP 5
.B View Brief 
Opens the \fBHost Info\fR window showing the brief status and
configuration parameters for the selected host(s).
.TP 5
.B View Detail 
Opens the \fBHost Info\fR window showing the detail status and configuration
parameters for the selected host(s).
.TP 5
.B View Partitions...
Opens the \fBHost Partition\fR window showing host
partitions defined in the batch system.
.TP 5
.B View Host Groups...
Opens the \fBHost Groups\fR window showing host groups and
their members.
.TP 5
.B Show by Icon
Shows hosts in the host area by icons.
.TP 5
.B Show by List 
Shows hosts in the host area by list.
.TP 5
.B Show OK Hosts
Shows OK hosts in the host area if the toggle is set, otherwise,
hides OK hosts.
.TP 5
.B Show Closed Hosts
Shows closed hosts in the host area if the toggle is set, otherwise,
hides closed hosts.
.TP 5
.B Show Unavailable Hosts
Shows unavailable hosts in the host area if the toggle is set, otherwise,
hides unavailable hosts.
.TP 5
.B Show Unreachable Hosts
Shows unreachable hosts in the host area if the toggle is set, otherwise,
hides unreachable hosts.
.TP 5
.B Show Unlicensed Hosts
Shows unlicensed hosts in the host area if the toggle is set, otherwise,
hides unlicensed hosts.
.RE
.TP 5
Queue Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B Select All 
Selects all queues in the queue area.
.TP 5
.B Unselect All 
Unselects any selected queue(s) in the queue area.
.TP 5
.B View Brief 
Opens the \fBQueue Info\fR window showing the brief status and
configuration parameters for the selected queue(s).
.TP 5
.B View Detail 
Opens the \fBQueue Info\fR window showing the detail status and
configuration parameters for the selected queue(s).
.TP 5
.B Show by Icon
Shows queues in the queue area by icons.
.TP 5
.B Show by List 
Shows queues in the queue area by list.
.RE
.TP 5
User Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B View Current User Info
Opens the \fBCurrent User Info\fR window showing information on the current
user.
.TP 5
.B View All Users Info 
Opens the \fBAll Users Info\fR window showing information on all users 
in the batch system.
.TP 5
.B View User Groups... 
Opens the \fBUser Groups\fR window showing user groups and their members.
.RE
.TP 5
Parameter Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B View Brief 
Opens the \fBSystem Parameters\fR window showing the brief
configurable parameters of the batch system.
.TP 5
.B View Detail 
Opens the \fBSystem Parameters\fR window showing the detail
configurable parameters of the batch system.
.RE
.TP 5
Options Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B Set Options... 
Pops up a dialog box to set \fBxlsbatch\fR
settings, including customization of toolbar, refresh period and 
command to print on-line help.
.TP 5
.B Show Toolbar
Shows the toolbar above the job list if the toggle is set, otherwise,
hides the toolbar.
.TP 5
.B Show Jobs 
Shows the job list in the main window if the toggle is set, otherwise,
hides the job list.
.TP 5
.B Show Hosts 
Shows the host area in the main window if the toggle is set, otherwise,
hides the host area.
.TP 5
.B Show Queues 
Shows the queue area in the main window if the toggle is set, otherwise,
hides the queue area.
.TP 5
.B  Save Options
Saves the current \fBxlsbatch\fR settings (size, position and customization
of the main window, the kind of jobs displayed in the job list, 
refresh period and command to print on-line help) into the
.BR  ~/.XLsbatch 
resource file in your home directory.
\fBxlsbatch\fR reads this file, if available, on startup to
obtain the configuration information.
.TP 5
.B  Restore Options
Restores the \fBxlsbatch\fR settings (the refresh period and
command to print on-line help) from the last saved
.BR  ~/.XLsbatch
resource file.
.RE
.TP 5
Help Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  On Version... 
Displays the \s-1LSF\s0 version number and copyright information.
.TP 5
.B  On Window... 
Opens an on-line \fBHelp\fR window to display information about the tasks that
you can perform with \fBxlsbatch\fR.
.TP 5
.B  On Help... 
Opens an on-line \fBHelp\fR window to display information about how to use the
on-line help.
.TP 5
.B  On Company Info... 
Displays the address of \s-1Platform Computing Corporation\s0.
.RE
.PP
Tool Bar
.PP
The tool bar for the main window contains some commonly used commands for
manipulating or viewing jobs. The commands include 
\fBSubmit...\fR, \fBModify...\fR, \fBDelete...\fR, \fBKill\fR, \fBTop\fR, 
\fBBottom\fR, 
\fBStop\fR, \fBResume\fR, \fBDetail\fR, \fBHistory\fR and \fBPeek\fR.
.sp
.RE
.SH HELP WINDOW 
The \fBHelp\fR window displays on-line documentation.
It contains a menu bar, a scrolled hypertext window and
\fBContents\fR, \fBPrevious\fR, \fBNext\fR and \fBExit\fR buttons.

There are highlighted items. Clicking on these items displays
the related text.
A history of the last 100 pages displayed is kept in memory and can be
recalled with the \fBPrevious\fR and \fBNext\fR buttons.
The menu bar for the \fBHelp\fR window contains the following items:
\fBFile\fR and \fBHelp\fR.
.PP 5
File Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  Save As... 
Opens a file selection dialog box that lets the user type the name of a file to
save the content of the window.
.TP 5
.B  Print 
Sends the content of the window to the printer. The print command can be set or
changed in the \fBSet Options\fR window.
.TP 5
.B  Exit 
Closes the \fBHelp\fR window.
.RE

.TP 5
Help Menu
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  On Version... 
Displays the \s-1LSF\s0 version number and copyright information.
.TP 5
.B  On Help... 
Opens the \fBHelp\fR window to display information about how to use the
on-line help.
.RE

.sp
.SH X DEFAULTS
The \fBxlsbatch\fR application uses the relevant resource specifications
in the X default files to configure the \fBxlsbatch\fR window.
The format for a resource specification in the X default files is:
.RS 5
.PP
\fB[\fIname\fB*]\fIresource\fB:  \fIvalue\fR
.PP
.I name
specifies the application name or the name string that restricts 
the resource assignment to that application or to a
component of an application.  If this argument is not specified, 
the resource assignment is globally available to all X applications.
.PD 0

.I resource
specifies the resource.

.I value
specifies the value that is to be assigned to the resource.
.PD
.RE
.PP
For \fBxlsbatch\fR, the application class is \fBXLsbatch\fR and 
the application name is \fBxlsbatch\fR.
.PP
In addition to the general resources listed in \fBX\fR(1), resources
available to \fBxlsbatch\fR include:
.TP 5
.B refreshRate
Specifies the \fBxlsbatch\fR information refresh period.
The permissible range for the refresh period is 1 to 60 minutes.
The default is 2 minutes.
.TP 5
.B printCommand
Specifies the command to print \fBxlsbatch\fR on line help. The default
command is "lp".
.TP 5
.B multiClickTime
Specifies the time interval between two consecutive mouse button clicks.
The default is 0.5 sec.
.TP 5
.B customizedMenu 
Customizes pulldown menus in the main window of \fBxlsbatch\fR.

The value of \fBcustomizedMenu\fR should be a character string enclosed in
double quotes, whose components are separated by spaces. For example,

xlsbatch*customizedMenu:"A1 B1 C1 D1 A2 B2 C2 B2 ... An Bn Cn Dn"

From the beginning of the string, every four consecutive components
constitute a group which customizes one menu item. Each component is
either a character string or several character strings encompassed
by parentheses.

(1) To remove a pulldown menu from the menu bar, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu name to be removed from the menu bar,
\fBBi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBCi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBDi\fR: 0 (zero).

(2) To remove a menu item from a pulldown menu, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu name where some item will be removed,
\fBBi\fR: the menu item name to be removed,
\fBCi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBDi\fR: 0 (zero).

(3) To remove a sub-pulldown menu from a pulldown menu, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu where some sub-pulldown will be removed,
\fBBi\fR: the sub-pulldown menu name to be removed,
\fBCi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBDi\fR: 0 (zero).

(4) To remove a menu item from a sub-pulldown menu, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu where the sub-pulldown menu resides,
\fBBi\fR: the sub-pulldown menu name where some item will be removed,
\fBCi\fR: the menu item name to be removed,
\fBDi\fR: 0 (zero).

(5) To add a new item in the menu bar, specify
\fBAi\fR: new menu name to be added,
\fBBi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBCi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBDi\fR: same as Ai.

(6) To add a new item in a pulldown menu with an executable, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu name where the new item will be added,
\fBBi\fR: new menu item name to be added,
\fBCi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBDi\fR: executable name which will be run when this item is chosen.

(7) To add a new item in a sub-pulldown menu with an executable, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu name where the sub-pulldown menu resides,
\fBBi\fR: the sub-pulldown menu name where the new item will be added,
\fBCi\fR: new menu item name to be added,
\fBDi\fR: executable name which will be execvpED when this item is chosen.

(8) To replace an item's command in the pulldown menu by a new executable, specify
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu name where some item's command will be replaced,
\fBBi\fR: the menu item name whose command will be replaced,
\fBCi\fR: 0 (zero),
\fBDi\fR: executable name which will be execvpED when the item specified in Bi is chosen.

(9) To replace an item's command in the sub-pulldown menu by a new executable, specify 
\fBAi\fR: the pulldown menu name where the sub-pulldown menu resides,
\fBBi\fR: the sub-pulldown menu name where some item's command will be replaced,
\fBCi\fR: the menu item name whose command will be replaced,
\fBDi\fR: executable name which will be execvpED when the item specified in Ci is chosen.

.PP
.RE
.SH X DEFAULT FILES
.PD 0
.TP 22
.B ~/.Xdefaults
.TP 22
.B XLSF_APPDIR/XLsbatch
.TP 22
.B ~/.XLsbatch

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR lsfbatch (1),
.BR bsub (1),
.BR xbsub (1),
.BR xbmod (1),
.BR X (1)

