.\"
.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.TH XLSMON 1 "1 August 1998"
.SH NAME
xlsmon \- a graphical user interface for cluster load monitoring
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBxlsmon  [ \fIstandard X11/Motif flags... \fB]
.SH DESCRIPTION
A Motif graphical user interface for monitoring the load on the
hosts in an LSF cluster.
.PP
\fBNOTE:\fR
.PP
The UNIX X-GUI commands (xbmod, xlsbatch, xbsub, xlsmon) are obsolete. 
The command binaries remain available in the distribution packages as a 
courtesy, but are provided "as is" and are no longer officially supported.
.BR
.PP
\fBxlsmon\fR displays the configuration and load information of hosts
in the load sharing cluster. This information is sorted and displayed in
tables, bar charts and strip charts, which are updated periodically. The load
information displayed includes 15-sec CPU queue length, 1-min CPU queue length,
15-min CPU queue length, 1-min CPU utilization, 1-min paging rate (pg/s),
1-min disk I/O rate (Kbytes/s), number of login users, interactive idle time
(min), available \fB/tmp\fR space (Mbytes), available swap space (Mbytes),
available memory (Mbytes), and external load indices (see also
.BR lsmon (1)).
.PP
The main window of \fBxlsmon\fR consists of a viewing area, a message area
and a menu bar.
.PP
The viewing area displays a host icon for each of the
hosts in the LSF cluster. Each icon changes shape and color according to
the current status of the host. 
.\"A host can be selected and unselected
.\"by clicking the left mouse button on its respective icon.
.\"The selected hosts are used by default in the \fBDetailed Host
.\"Load\fR window, the \fBHistory of Host Load\fR window, and the \fBCluster
.\"Configuration\fR window.
.PP
The message area prints information about status changes of the hosts and
error messages that might result from the user performing operations through
\fBxlsmon\fR.
.PP
The menu bar contains the following items:
\fBFile\fR, \fBView\fR, \fBOptions\fR and \fBHelp\fR.
.PP
.TP 5
.B File
The \fBFile\fR menu contains the following items:
.RS 5
.TP 5 
.B Refresh
Refresh the contents of the viewing area.
.TP 5
.B "Clean Message"
Clean the messages in the message area.
.TP 5 
.B Exit
Close the
.B xlsmon
main window and all subwindows.
.RE
.TP 5
.B View
The \fBView\fR menu allows users to pop up separate windows to display 
detailed
information about hosts in the system. The menu contains the following items:
.RS 5
.TP 5 
.B "Host Selection..."
Pop up a dialog box to let the user select the hosts for the program.
The default is all hosts in the LSF cluster.
.TP 5 
.B "Detailed Load..."
Pop up the "\fBDetailed Host Load\fR" window to display the load
indices of the selected hosts in bar charts (see the section 
"\fBDetailed Host Load Window\fR").
.TP 5 
.B "History of Load..."
Pop up the "\fBHistory of Host Load\fR" window to display the recent values of
the load indices of the selected hosts
in strip charts (see the section "\fBHistory of Host Load Window\fR").
.TP 5
.B  "Cluster Configuration..."
Pop up "\fBCluster Configuration\fR" window to display configuration of the hosts
in table form (see the section "\fBCluster Configuration Window\fR").
.RE
.TP 5
.B Options 
The \fBOptions\fR menu allows users to modify the operating behavior of \fBxlsmon\fR.
The menu contains the following items:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  "Set Options..."
Display a dialog box, which contains controls that affect the \fBxlsmon\fR's
features, including display refresh period, warning bell volume, print
command, "\fBHistory of Host Load\fR" and "\fBCluster Configuration\fR"
window auto resize options.
.TP 5
.B  "Save Options" 
Save the current settings of the features and host selection to the
configuration file 
.BR  ~/.XLsmon .
This file, if available, is read when \fBxlsmon\fR is started to obtain
the configuration file features.
.TP 5
.B  "Restore Options" 
Restore the settings of the features and host selection from the last
saved configuration file
.BR  ~/.XLsmon .
.RE
.TP 5
.B Help
The \fBHelp\fR menu contains the following items:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  "On Version..." 
Pop up a message dialog displaying the version, date and product information
for \s-1LSF\s0.
.TP 5
.B  "On Window..." 
Pop up on-line \fBHelp\fR window to display the information about the tasks that
you can perform with the \fBxlsmon\fR (see the section "\fBHelp Window\fR").
.TP 5
.B  "On Help..." 
Pop up on-line \fBHelp\fR window to display the information about how to use the
on-line help (see the section "\fBHelp Window\fR").
.RE
.sp
.TP 5
.B  Detailed Host Load Window
The "\fBDetailed Host Load\fR" window displays the load indices of the selected
hosts in bar charts. This window consists of a menu and a viewing area.
.IP "" 5
The menu bar for the "\fBDetailed Host Load\fR" 
window contains the following items:
\fBFile\fR, \fBView\fR, \fBOptions\fR and \fBHelp\fR.
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  File
The \fBFile\fR menu contains the following item:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  Exit
Close the "\fBDetailed Host Load\fR" window.
.RE
.TP 5
.B  View
The \fBView\fR menu allows the user to choose displaying the load by
hosts or by index and change the display features.  Any change to the
display features made in this \fBView\fR menu only affect this
window, not the main \fBxlsmon\fR window.
.IP "" 5
The menu contains the following items:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  "Display by Load Index" 
Display load by index in the viewing area. This is the default.
.TP 5
.B  "Display by Host" 
Display load by hosts in the viewing area.
.TP 5
.B  "Select Load Index..." 
Pop up a dialog box to let the user select the load indices to display
in the viewing area.
The default is to show all the load indices.
.TP 5
.B  "Select Host..." 
Pop up a dialog box to let the user select the hosts to display in the
viewing area.
The default is all hosts in the \s-1LSF\s0 cluster.
.RE
.TP 5
.B Options
The \fBOptions\fR menu allows users to modify the operation behavior of
the \fBDetailed Host Load\fR window. The menu contains the following
items:
.RS
.TP 5
.B Save Settings
Save the window geometry and the current settings of the host and load
index selections to the configuration file \fB~/.XLsmon\fR.
.TP 5
.B Restore Settings
Restore the window geometry and the current settings of the host and
load index selections from the last saved configuration file
\fB~/.XLsmon\fR.
.RE
.TP 5
.B Help 
Same as the \fBHelp\fR menu of the main window.
.RE
.sp
.TP 5
.B  History of Host Load Window
The "\fBHistory of Host Load\fR" window displays information in strip chart
format on the recent
values of the load indices of the selected hosts.
.IP "" 5
This window consists of a menu and a scrolled viewing
area that displays strip charts of host load indices.
The menu bar for the "\fBHistory of Host Load\fR" window
contains the following items:
\fBFile\fR, \fBView\fR, \fBOptions\fR and  \fBHelp\fR.
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  File
The \fBFile\fR menu contains the following item:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  Exit 
Close the "\fBHistory of Host Load\fR" window.
.RE
.TP 5
.B  View 
Allow the user to select hosts and load indices that are displayed
in strip charts. The menu contains the following items:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  "Select Load Index..." 
Pop up a dialog box to let the user select the load indices to display
in the viewing area.
.TP 5
.B  "Select Host..." 
Pop up a dialog box to let the user to select the hosts to display
in the viewing area.
The default is all hosts in the \s-1LSF\s0 cluster.
.RE
.TP 5
.B Options
The \fBOptions\fR menu allows users to modify the operation behavior of
the \fBHistory of Host Load\fR window. The menu contains the following
items:
.RS
.TP 5
.B Save Settings
Save the window geometry and the current settings of the host and load
index selections to the configuration file \fB~/.XLsmon\fR.
.TP 5
.B Restore Settings
Restore the window geometry and the current settings of the host and
load index selections from the last saved configuration file
\fB~/.XLsmon\fR.
.RE
.TP 5
.B  Help 
Same as the \fBHelp\fR menu of the main window.
.RE
.sp
.TP 5
.B  Cluster Configuration Window
The "\fBCluster Configuration\fR" window lists in tabular form the hosts
that are participating in load sharing together with their configuration
information.  The information includes: host name, host type, host model,
CPU factor, number of CPUs, number of local disks, total memory, total swap
space, maximum /tmp space, the execution priority for remote jobs, whether
the host runs LSF servers or not, available resources denoted by resource
names, run windows during which the host is open for sharing loads from
other hosts, and busy thresholds for scheduling interactive jobs (for more
information, see
.BR lsf.cluster (5)
and 
.BR lshosts (1)).
.IP "" 5
The menu bar for the "\fBCluster Configuration\fR" window 
contains the following items:
\fBFile\fR, \fBView\fR, \fBOptions\fR and  \fBHelp\fR.
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  File
The \fBFile\fR menu contains the following items:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  Refresh 
Refresh the configuration information listed in the table. This is useful
after an LSF system reconfiguration (see
.BR lsadmin (8)).
.TP 5
.B  Exit 
Close the "\fBCluster Configuration\fR" window.
.RE
.TP 5
.B  View 
Allow the user to select the hosts to display in the table
and refresh the table information. It contains the following item:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  "Select Host..." 
Pop up a dialog box to let the user select the hosts to list in the table.
The default is all hosts in the \s-1LSF\s0 cluster.
.TP 5
.B  "Select Index..." 
Pop up a dialog box to let the user select the indices to list in the table.
The default is type, model, cpuf, ncpus, maxmem, maxswp, server and
RESOURCES.
.RE
.TP 5
.B Options
The \fBOptions\fR menu allows users to modify the operation behavior of
the \fBCluster Configuration\fR window. The menu contains the following
items:
.RS
.TP 5
.B Save Settings
Save the window geometry and the current settings of the host and load
index selections to the configuration file \fB~/.XLsmon\fR.
.TP 5
.B Restore Settings
Restore the window geometry and the current settings of the host and
load index selections from the last saved configuration file
\fB~/.XLsmon\fR.
.RE
.TP 5
.B  Help 
Same as the \fBHelp\fR menu of the main window.
.RE
.sp
.TP 5
.B  Help Window
The \fBHelp\fR window displays on-line documentation.
It contains a menu bar, a scrolled hypertext window and "\fBPrevious\fR",
"\fBNext\fR" and "\fBClose\fR" push buttons.
.IP "" 5
There are highlighted items. By clicking the items the window displays
the related parts of text about the items. The highlighted
items use a different color and font that can be set in the default
file.
.IP "" 5
A history of the 100 last pages displayed is kept in memory that can be
recalled with the "\fBPrevious\fR" and "\fBNext\fR" buttons.
.IP "" 5
The menu bar for the \fBHelp\fR window contains the following items:
\fBFile\fR and  \fBHelp\fR.
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  File
The \fBFile\fR menu contains the following items:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  "Save as..." 
Pop up a file selection dialog, let user input a text file name to save the
content of the window.
.TP 5
.B  Print 
Send the content of the window to the printer. The resource of \fBxlsmon\fR
for the print command is "printCommand". The print command can also be set
or changed in the \fBSet Options\fR window.
.TP 5
.B  Exit 
Close the \fBHelp\fR window.
.RE
.TP 5
.B  Help
The \fBHelp\fR menu contains the following items:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B  "On Version..." 
Pop up a message dialog displaying the version, date and product information
for \s-1LSF\s0.
.TP 5
.B  "On Help..." 
Pop up the \fBHelp\fR window to display the information about how to use the
on-line help.
.RE
.RE
.SH X DEFAULTS
The \fBxlsmon\fR application uses the values in the X default files when you
logged in and uses the appropriate resource specification values to customize
the appearance of the \fBxlsmon\fR window.  The format for a resource
specification in the X default files is:
.RS 5
.PP
[\fIname\fR*]\fIresource\fR:  \fIvalue\fR
.PP
.I name
specifies the application name or the name string that restricts 
the resource assignment to that application or to a
component of an application.  If this argument is not specified, 
the resource assignment is globally available to all X applications.
.PD 0
.PP
.I resource
specifies the resource.
.PP
.I value
specifies the value that is to be assigned to the resource.
.PD
.PP
.RE
Because each toolkit-based application can consist of a combination of
widgets (for example, push buttons and a scroll bar), you can form the
name string by adding widget class and name identifiers to the string.
For further information about adding class and name identifiers, see
.BR X (1).
.PP
For \fBxlsmon\fR, the application class is \fBXLsmon\fR and 
the application name is \fBxlsmon\fR.
.PP
In addition to the general resources listed in \fBX\fR(1), the resources
available for the \fBxlsmon\fR work area are:
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B refreshRate
Specify the period of \fBxlsmon\fR refreshing load indices. The
permissible range of refresh period is 15 to 200 seconds.
.TP 5
.B WarningBell
Specify the volumn of alarm bell. The alarm bell sounds when
a host becomes busy or unavailable. The permissible range is
0 to 100. A larger value produces a louder sound. A value of zero
turns the bell off.
.TP 5
.B printCommand
Specify the command to print \fBxlsmon\fR on line help. The default
command is "lp".
.TP 5
.B hosts
Specify the selection of the hosts displayed in the program. The
default is all hosts in the cluster.
.PP
.RE
The resources available for the \fBDetailed Host Load\fR window are:
.PP
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B detailWindow.hosts
Specify the selection of the hosts displayed in the window. The default
is all hosts selected in the main window.
.TP 5
.B detailWindow.indices
Specify the selection of the load indices displayed in the window. The
default is all load indices.
.TP 5
.B detailWindow.orient
Specify the detailed host loads displayed by host or index. The default
is by index.
.PP
.RE
The resources available for the \fBHistory of Host Load\fR window are:
.PP
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B historyWindow.hosts
Specify the selection of the hosts displayed in the window. The default
is all hosts selected in the main window.
.TP 5
.B historyWindow.indices
Specify the selection of the load indices displayed in the window. The
default is all load indices.
.PP
.RE
The resources available for the \fBCluster Configuration\fR window are:
.PP
.RS 5
.TP 5
.B configWindow.hosts
Specify the selection of the hosts displayed in the window. The default
is all hosts.
.TP 5
.B configWindow.indices
Specify the selection of the load indices displayed in the window. The
default is type, model, cpuf, ncpus, maxmem, maxswp, server and RESOURCES.
.RE
.SH X DEFAULT FILES
.PD 0
.TP 5
.B ~/.Xdefaults
.TP 5
.B XLSF_APPDIR/XLsmon
.TP 5
.B ~/.XLsmon
.PD
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR lsmon (1),
.BR lsload (1),
.BR lshosts (1),
.BR lsf.cluster (5),
.BR lsadmin (8),
.BR X (1)
.PP
.I LSF User's Guide
