.ds ]W %
.ds ]L
.hy 0
.nh
.na
.TH ego.sudoers 5 "June 2007   Platform EGO 1.2.2"
.br

.SH NAME
\fBego.sudoers\fR
.SH Contents
.BR
.PP
.RS
.HP 3
o  
About ego.sudoers
.HP 3
o  
ego.sudoers on UNIX
.HP 3
o  
File format
.HP 3
o  
Creating and modifying ego.sudoers
.HP 3
o  
Parameters
.RE

.SH About ego.sudoers
.BR
.PP

.PP
The ego.sudoers file is an optional file to configure security mechanisms. It is not 
installed by default.

.PP
You use ego.sudoers to grant permission to users other than root to perform 
certain operations as root in EGO, or as a specified user. 

.PP
The parameters in this file apply to UNIX hosts only.

.PP
These operations include:
.RS
.HP 3
o  
EGO daemon startup/shutdown
.HP 3
o  
User ID for EGO authentication
.RE

.PP
If ego.sudoers does not exist, only root can perform these operations in EGO on 
UNIX.

.PP
On UNIX, this file is located in /etc. 

.PP
There is one ego.sudoers file per host.

.SH ego.sudoers on UNIX
.BR
.PP

.PP
In EGO, certain operations such as daemon startup can only be performed by root. 
The ego.sudoers file grants root privileges to specific users or user groups to 
perform these operations.

.SH Location
.BR
.PP
 ego.sudoers must be located in /etc on each host. 
.SH Permissions
.BR
.PP
 ego.sudoers must have permission 600 and be readable and writable only by root. 
.SH File format
.BR
.PP

.PP
Each entry can have one of the following forms:
 u	 NAME=VALUE  u	 NAME=  u	 NAME="STRING1 STRING2 ..." except for the parameter EGO_STARTUP_ALTERNATE_PATHS, which has the format NAME=STRING1:STRING2 ... 
.PP
The equal sign = must follow each NAME even if no value follows and there should 
be no space beside the equal sign.
 NAME describes an authorized operation.  VALUE is a single string or multiple strings. The value for EGO_STARTUP_USERS is separated by spaces and enclosed in quotation marks. The value for EGO_STARTUP_ALTERNATE_PATHS is separated by colons. 
.SH Example ego.sudoers file
.BR
.PP
 EGO_STARTUP_PATH=/usr/share/ego/etc
.br
EGO_STARTUP_ALTERNATIVE_PATHS=/usr/share/ego_cluster_1/ego/1.2/aix5-64/etc:/usr/share/ego_cluster_2/ego/1.2/aix5-64/etc
.br
EGO_STARTUP_USERS="user1 user10 user55" 
.SH Creating and modifying ego.sudoers
.BR
.PP

.PP
You can create and modify ego.sudoers with a text editor. 

.SH Parameters
.BR
.PP
.RS
.HP 3
o  
EGO_STARTUP_PATH
.HP 3
o  
EGO_STARTUP_ALTERNATE_PATHS
.HP 3
o  
EGO_STARTUP_USERS
.RE

.SS EGO_STARTUP_PATH
.BR
.PP

.SH Syntax
.BR
.PP
 EGO_STARTUP_PATH=path 
.SH Description
.BR
.PP

.PP
Enables the EGO daemon startup control feature when EGO_STARTUP_USERS is also 
defined. Define both parameters when you want to allow users other than root to 
start EGO daemons.

.PP
Specifies the absolute path name of the directory in which the EGO daemon binary 
files (lim, vemkd, and egosc) are installed. EGO daemons are usually installed in 
the path specified by EGO_SERVERDIR defined in the cshrc.ego or profile.ego 
files.

.SH Default
.BR
.PP

.PP
Not defined. Only the root user account can start EGO daemons.

.SS EGO_STARTUP_ALTERNATE_PATHS
.BR
.PP

.SH Syntax
.BR
.PP
 EGO_STARTUP_ALTERNATE_PATHS=path:path... 
.SH Description
.BR
.PP

.PP
For parallel installations and clusters, provides multiple alternate paths to enable 
the EGO daemon startup control feature when EGO_STARTUP_USERS is also defined. 
Define both parameters when you have multiple parallel installation paths to the 
directories of the EGO daemon binary files (lim, vemkd, and egosc) and want to 
allow users other than root to start EGO daemons.

.PP
EGO daemons are usually installed in the path specified by EGO_SERVERDIR defined 
in the cshrc.ego, or profile.ego files.

.PP
The maximum length of the path string is 4000 characters.

.SH Default
.BR
.PP

.PP
Not defined. Only the root user account can start EGO daemons.

.SS EGO_STARTUP_USERS
.BR
.PP

.SH Syntax
.BR
.PP
 EGO_STARTUP_USERS=all_admins | "user_name..." 
.SH Description
.BR
.PP

.PP
Enables the EGO daemon startup control feature when EGO_STARTUP_PATH is also 
defined. Define both parameters when you want to allow users other than root to 
start EGO daemons. 

.PP
On UNIX hosts, by default only root can start EGO daemons. To manually start 
EGO daemons, a user runs the egosh command, which has been installed as 
setuid root. EGO_STARTUP_USERS specifies a list of user accounts that can 
successfully run the egosh command to start EGO daemons.

.SS all_admins
.BR
.PP
.RS
.HP 3
o  
Allows all UNIX users defined as EGO administrators in the file 
ego.cluster.cluster_name to start EGO daemons as root by running the 
egosh command.
.HP 3
o  
Not recommended due to the security risk of a non-root EGO administrator 
adding to the list of administrators in the ego.cluster.cluster_name file.
.HP 3
o  
Not required for Windows hosts because all users with membership in the 
Platform services admin group can start EGO daemons.
.RE

.SS "user_name..."
.BR
.PP
.RS
.HP 3
o  
Allows the specified user accounts to start EGO daemons by running the egosh 
command.
.HP 3
o  
Separate multiple user names with a space.
.HP 3
o  
For a single user, do not use quotation marks.
.RE

.SH Default
.BR
.PP

.PP
Not defined. Only the root user account can start EGO daemons.

.\" Generated by Quadralay WebWorks Publisher 2003 for FrameMaker 8.0.5.1556
.\" Generated on June 21, 2007 
.\" Man section: 5 
.\" File Name: ego.sudoers 
.\" Based on template structured_wwp8_man_page
.\" Copyright 1994-2007 Platform Computing Corporation
