
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH hosts 5 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBhosts\fR
.sp 2
   For hosts with multiple IP addresses and different official
   host names configured at the system level, this file
   associates the host names and IP addresses in LSF.
.sp 2
   By default, LSF assumes each host in the cluster:
.sp 2
     o  
         Has a unique “official” host name
.sp 2
     o  
         Can resolve its IP address from its name
.sp 2
     o  
         Can resolve its official name from its IP address
.sp 2
   Hosts with only one IP address, or hosts with multiple IP
   addresses that already resolve to a unique official host name
   should not be configured in this file: they are resolved using
   the default method for your system (for example, local
   configuration files like /etc/hosts or through DNS.)
.sp 2
   The LSF hosts file is used in environments where:
.sp 2
     o  
         Machines in cluster have multiple network interfaces and
         cannot be set up in the system with a unique official
         host name
.sp 2
     o  
         DNS is slow or not configured properly
.sp 2
     o  
         Machines have special topology requirements; for
         example, in HPC systems where it is desirable to map
         multiple actual hosts to a single “head end” host
.sp 2
   The LSF hosts file is not installed by default. It is usually
   located in the directory specified by LSF_CONFDIR. The format
   of LSF_CONFDIR/hosts is similar to the format of the
   /etc/hosts file on UNIX machines.
.sp 2 .SH "hosts file structure"
\fBhosts file structure\fR
.sp 2
   One line for each IP address, consisting of the IP address,
   followed by the official host name, optionally followed by
   host aliases, all separated by spaces or tabs. Each line has
   the form:
.sp 2
   ip_address official_name [alias [alias ...]]
.sp 2
   IP addresses can have either a dotted quad notation (IPv4) or
   IP Next Generation (IPv6) format. You can use IPv6 addresses
   if you define the parameter LSF_ENABLE_SUPPORT_IPV6 in
   lsf.conf; you do not have to map IPv4 addresses to an IPv6
   format.
.sp 2
   Use consecutive lines for IP addresses belonging to the same
   host. You can assign different aliases to different addresses.
.sp 2
   Use a pound sign (#) to indicate a comment (the rest of the
   line is not read by LSF). Do not use \fR#if\fR as this is
   reserved syntax for time-based configuration.
.sp 2 .SH "IP address"
\fBIP address\fR
.sp 2
   Written using an IPv4 or IPv6 format. LSF supports both
   formats; you do not have to map IPv4 addresses to an IPv6
   format (if you define the parameter LSF_ENABLE_SUPPORT_IPV6 in
   lsf.conf).
.sp 2
     o  
         IPv4 format: \fRnnn.nnn.nnn.nnn\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         IPv6 format:\fR
         nnnn:nnnn:nnnn:nnnn:nnnn:nnnn:nnnn:nnnn\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Official host name"
\fBOfficial host name\fR
.sp 2
   The official host name. Single character names are not
   allowed.
.sp 2
   Specify -GATEWAY or -GW as part of the host name if the host
   serves as a GATEWAY.
.sp 2
   Specify -TAC as the last part of the host name if the host is
   a TAC and is a DoD host.
.sp 2
   Specify the host name in the format defined in Internet RFC
   952, which states:
.sp 2
   A “name” (Net, Host, Gateway, or Domain name) is a text string
   up to 24 characters drawn from the alphabet (A-Z), digits
   (0-9), minus sign (-), and period (.). Periods are only
   allowed when they serve to delimit components of “domain style
   names”. (See RFC 921, “Domain Name System Implementation
   Schedule”, for background). No blank or space characters are
   permitted as part of a name. No distinction is made between
   upper and lower case. The first character must be an alpha
   character. The last character must not be a minus sign or a
   period.
.sp 2
   RFC 952 has been modified by RFC 1123 to relax the restriction
   on the first character being a digit.
.sp 2
   For maximum interoperability with the Internet, you should use
   host names no longer than 24 characters for the host portion
   (exclusive of the domain component).
.sp 2 .SH "Aliases"
\fBAliases\fR
.sp 2
   Optional. Aliases to the host name.
.sp 2
   The default host file syntax
.sp 2
   ip_address official_name [alias [alias ...]]
.sp 2
   is powerful and flexible, but it is difficult to configure in
   systems where a single host name has many aliases, and in
   multihomed host environments.
.sp 2
   In these cases, the hosts file can become very large and
   unmanageable, and configuration is prone to error.
.sp 2
   The syntax of the LSF hosts file supports host name ranges as
   aliases for an IP address. This simplifies the host name alias
   specification.
.sp 2
   To use host name ranges as aliases, the host names must
   consist of a fixed node group name prefix and node indices,
   specified in a form like:
.sp 2
   host_name[index_x-index_y, index_m, index_a-index_b]
.sp 2
   For example:
.sp 2
   atlasD0[0-3,4,5-6, ...] 
.sp 2
   is equivalent to:
.sp 2
   atlasD0[0-6, ...]
.sp 2
   The node list does not need to be a continuous range (some
   nodes can be configured out). Node indices can be numbers or
   letters (both upper case and lower case).
.sp 2
   For example, some systems map internal compute nodes to single
   LSF host names. A host file might contains 64 lines, each
   specifying an LSF host name and 32 node names that correspond
   to each LSF host:
.sp 2
   ...177.16.1.1 atlasD0 atlas0 atlas1 atlas2 atlas3 atlas4 ... atlas31177.16.1.2 atlasD1 atlas32 atlas33 atlas34 atlas35 atlas36 ... atlas63...
.sp 2
   In the new format, you still map the nodes to the LSF hosts,
   so the number of lines remains the same, but the format is
   simplified because you only have to specify ranges for the
   nodes, not each node individually as an alias:
.sp 2
   ...177.16.1.1 atlasD0 atlas[0-31]177.16.1.2 atlasD1 atlas[32-63]...
.sp 2
   You can use either an IPv4 or an IPv6 format for the IP
   address (if you define the parameter LSF_ENABLE_SUPPORT_IPV6
   in lsf.conf).
.sp 2 .SH "IPv4 Example"
\fBIPv4 Example\fR
.sp 2
   192.168.1.1 hostA hostB192.168.2.2 hostA hostC host-C
.sp 2
   In this example, \fRhostA\fR has 2 IP addresses and 3 aliases.
   The alias \fRhostB\fR specifies the first address, and the
   aliases \fRhostC\fR and \fRhost-C\fR specify the second
   address. LSF uses the official host name, \fRhostA\fR, to
   identify that both IP addresses belong to the same host.
.sp 2 .SH "IPv6 Example"
\fBIPv6 Example\fR
.sp 2
   \fR3ffe:b80:3:1a91::2 hostA hostB 3ffe:b80:3:1a91::3 hostA
   hostC host-C\fR
.sp 2
   In this example, \fRhostA\fR has 2 IP addresses and 3 aliases.
   The alias \fRhostB\fR specifies the first address, and the
   aliases \fRhostC\fR and \fRhost-C\fR specify the second
   address. LSF uses the official host name, \fRhostA\fR, to
   identify that both IP addresses belong to the same host.
