
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lim.acct 5 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlim.acct\fR
.sp 2
   The lim.acct file is the log file for Load Information Manager
   (LIM). Produced by lsmon, lim.acct contains host load
   information collected and distributed by LIM.
.sp 2 .SH "lim.acct structure"
\fBlim.acct structure\fR
.sp 2
   The first line of lim.acct contains a list of load index names
   separated by spaces. This list of load index names can be
   specified in the lsmon command line. The default list is "r15s
   r1m r15m ut pg ls it swp mem tmp". Subsequent lines in the
   file contain the host’s load information at the time the
   information was recorded.
.sp 2 .SH "Fields"
\fBFields\fR
.sp 2
   Fields are ordered in the following sequence:
.sp 2
   \fBtime (%ld) \fR
.br
               The time when the load information is written to
               the log file
.sp 2
   \fBhost name (%s) \fR
.br
               The name of the host.
.sp 2
   \fBstatus of host (%d) \fR
.br
               An array of integers. The first integer marks the
               operation status of the host. Additional integers
               are used as a bit map to indicate load status of
               the host. An integer can be used for 32 load
               indices. If the number of user defined load
               indices is not more than 21, only one integer is
               used for both built-in load indices and external
               load indices. See the hostload structure in
               \fRls_load(3)\fR for the description of these
               fields.
.sp 2
   \fBindexvalue (%f) \fR
.br
               A sequence of load index values. Each value
               corresponds to the index name in the first line of
               lim.acct. The order in which the index values are
               listed is the same as the order of the index
               names.
.sp 2
