
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsb.resources 5 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsb.resources\fR
.sp 2
   The lsb.resources file contains configuration information for
   resource allocation limits, exports, and resource usage
   limits. This file is optional.
.sp 2
   The lsb.resources file is stored in the directory
   LSB_CONFDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/configdir, where LSB_CONFDIR is
   defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2 .SH "Changing lsb.resources configuration"
\fBChanging lsb.resources configuration\fR
.sp 2
   After making any changes to lsb.resources, run badmin reconfig
   to reconfigure mbatchd.
.sp 2
\fBLimit section\fR
.sp 2
   The Limit section sets limits for the maximum amount of the
   specified resources that must be available for different
   classes of jobs to start, and which resource consumers the
   limits apply to. Limits are enforced during job resource
   allocation.
.sp 2
      \fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
         For limits to be enforced, jobs must specify rusage
         resource requirements (bsub -R or RES_REQ in
         lsb.queues).
.sp 2
   The blimits command displays view current usage of resource
   allocation limits configured in Limit sections in
   lsb.resources:
.sp 2 .SH "Limit section structure"
\fBLimit section structure\fR
.sp 2
   Each set of limits is defined in a Limit section enclosed by
   Begin Limit and End Limit.
.sp 2
   A Limit section has two formats:
.sp 2
     o  
         Vertical tabular
.sp 2
     o  
         Horizontal
.sp 2
   The file can contain sections in both formats. In either
   format, you must configure a limit for at least one consumer
   and one resource. The Limit section cannot be empty.
.sp 2 .SH "Vertical tabular format"
\fBVertical tabular format\fR
.sp 2
   Use the vertical format for simple configuration conditions
   involving only a few consumers and resource limits.
.sp 2
   The first row consists of an optional NAME and the following
   keywords for:
.sp 2
     o  
         Resource types:
.sp 2
           o  
               SLOTS or SLOTS_PER_PROCESSOR
.sp 2
           o  
               MEM (MB or percentage)
.sp 2
           o  
               SWP (MB or percentage)
.sp 2
           o  
               TMP (MB or percentage)
.sp 2
           o  
               LICENSE
.sp 2
           o  
               JOBS
.sp 2
           o  
               RESOURCE
.sp 2
     o  
         Consumer types:
.sp 2
           o  
               USERS or PER_USER
.sp 2
           o  
               QUEUES or PER_QUEUE
.sp 2
           o  
               HOSTS or PER_HOST
.sp 2
           o  
               PROJECTS or PER_PROJECT
.sp 2
   Each subsequent row describes the configuration information
   for resource consumers and the limits that apply to them. Each
   line must contain an entry for each keyword. Use empty
   parentheses () or a dash (-) to specify the default value for
   an entry. Fields cannot be left blank. For resources, the
   default is no limit; for consumers, the default is all
   consumers.
.sp 2
      \fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
         Multiple entries must be enclosed in parentheses. For
         RESOURCE and LICENSE limits, resource and license names
         must be enclosed in parentheses.
.sp 2 .SH "Horizontal format"
\fBHorizontal format\fR
.sp 2
   Use the horizontal format to give a name for your limits and
   to configure more complicated combinations of consumers and
   resource limits.
.sp 2
   The first line of the Limit section gives the name of the
   limit configuration.
.sp 2
   Each subsequent line in the Limit section consists of keywords
   identifying the resource limits:
.sp 2
     o  
         Job slots and per-processor job slots
.sp 2
     o  
         Memory (MB or percentage)
.sp 2
     o  
         Swap space (MB or percentage)
.sp 2
     o  
         Tmp space (MB or percentage)
.sp 2
     o  
         Software licenses
.sp 2
     o  
         Running and suspended (RUN, SSUSP, USUSP) jobs
.sp 2
     o  
         Other shared resources
.sp 2
   and the resource \fIconsumers\fR to which the limits apply:
.sp 2
     o  
         Users and user groups
.sp 2
     o  
         Hosts and host groups
.sp 2
     o  
         Queues
.sp 2
     o  
         Projects
.sp 2 .SH "Example: Vertical tabular format"
\fBExample: Vertical tabular format\fR
.sp 2
   In the following limit configuration:
.sp 2
     o  
         Jobs from \fRuser1\fR and \fRuser3\fR are limited to 2
         job slots on \fRhostA\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         Jobs from \fRuser2\fR on queue \fRnormal\fR are limited
         to 20 MB of memory
.sp 2
     o  
         The short queue can have at most 200 running and
         suspended jobs
.sp 2
   Begin Limit
.sp 2
   NAME    USERS           QUEUES   HOSTS     SLOTS  MEM   SWP  TMP  JOBS
.sp 2
   limit1  (user1 user3)    -       hostA     2       -     -    -     -
.sp 2
    -       user2           normal       -     -      20     -    -     -
.sp 2
    -       -               short        -     -       -     -    -    200
.sp 2
   End Limit
.sp 2
   Jobs that do not match these limits; that is, all users except
   \fRuser1\fR and \fRuser3\fR running jobs on \fRhostA\fR and
   all users except \fRuser2\fR submitting jobs to queue
   \fRnormal\fR, have no limits.
.sp 2 .SH "Example: Horizontal format"
\fBExample: Horizontal format\fR
.sp 2
   All users in user group \fRugroup1\fR except \fRuser1\fR using
   \fRqueue1\fR and \fRqueue2\fR and running jobs on hosts in
   host group \fRhgroup1\fR are limited to 2 job slots per
   processor on each host:
.sp 2
   Begin Limit 
.sp 2
   # ugroup1 except user1 uses queue1 and queue2 with 2 job slots 
.sp 2
   # on each host in hgroup1 
.sp 2
   NAME          = limit1 
.sp 2
   # Resources 
.sp 2
   SLOTS_PER_PROCESSOR = 2 
.sp 2
   #Consumers
.sp 2
   QUEUES       = queue1 queue2 
.sp 2
   USERS        = ugroup1 ~user1 
.sp 2
   PER_HOST     = hgroup1 
.sp 2
   End Limit
.sp 2 .SH "Compatibility with lsb.queues, lsb.users, and lsb.hosts"
\fBCompatibility with lsb.queues, lsb.users, and lsb.hosts\fR
.sp 2
   The Limit section of lsb.resources does not support the
   keywords or format used in lsb.users, lsb.hosts, and
   lsb.queues. However, your existing job slot limit
   configuration in these files will continue to apply.
.sp 2
   Job slot limits are the only type of limit you can configure
   in lsb.users, lsb.hosts, and lsb.queues. You cannot configure
   limits for user groups, host groups, and projects in
   lsb.users, lsb.hosts, and lsb.queues. You should not configure
   any new resource allocation limits in lsb.users, lsb.hosts,
   and lsb.queues. Use lsb.resources to configure all new
   resource allocation limits, including job slot limits. Limits
   on running and suspended jobs can only be set in
   lsb.resources.
.sp 2
   Existing limits in lsb.users, lsb.hosts, and lsb.queues with
   the same scope as a new limit in lsb.resources, but with a
   different value are ignored. The value of the new limit in
   lsb.resources is used. Similar limits with different scope
   enforce the most restrictive limit.
.sp 2 .SH "Parameters"
\fBParameters\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         HOSTS
.sp 2
     o  
         JOBS
.sp 2
     o  
         LICENSE
.sp 2
     o  
         MEM
.sp 2
     o  
         NAME
.sp 2
     o  
         PER_HOST
.sp 2
     o  
         PER_PROJECT
.sp 2
     o  
         PER_QUEUE
.sp 2
     o  
         PER_USER
.sp 2
     o  
         PROJECTS
.sp 2
     o  
         QUEUES
.sp 2
     o  
         RESOURCE
.sp 2
     o  
         SLOTS
.sp 2
     o  
         SLOTS_PER_PROCESSOR
.sp 2
     o  
         SWP
.sp 2
     o  
         TMP
.sp 2
     o  
         USERS
.sp 2
\fBHOSTS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRHOSTS=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIhost_name\fR ... | \fRall\fR
   [\fR~\fR]\fIhost_group\fR ...
.sp 2
   \fRHOSTS\fR
.sp 2
   \fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIhost_name\fR ... |
   \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIhost_group\fR ... \fR)\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   A space-separated list of hosts, host groups defined in
   lsb.hosts on which limits are enforced. Limits are enforced on
   all hosts or host groups listed.
.sp 2
   If a group contains a subgroup, the limit also applies to each
   member in the subgroup recursively.
.sp 2
   To specify a per-host limit, use the PER_HOST keyword. Do not
   configure HOSTS and PER_HOST limits in the same Limit section.
.sp 2
   If you specify MEM, TMP, or SWP as a percentage, you must
   specify PER_HOST and list the hosts that the limit is to be
   enforced on. You cannot specify HOSTS.
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one HOSTS line per Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to all
   hosts in a cluster.
.sp 2
   Use the not operator (~) to exclude hosts from the all
   specification in the limit. This is useful if you have a large
   cluster but only want to exclude a few hosts from the limit
   definition.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, multiple host names must be
   enclosed in parentheses.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
   (-) to indicate all hosts. Fields cannot be left blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   all (limits are enforced on all hosts in the cluster).
.sp 2 .SH "Example 1"
\fBExample 1\fR
.sp 2
   HOSTS=Group1 ~hostA hostB hostC
.sp 2
   Enforces limits on \fRhostB\fR, \fRhostC\fR, and all hosts in
   \fRGroup1\fR except for \fRhostA\fR.
.sp 2 .SH "Example 2"
\fBExample 2\fR
.sp 2
   HOSTS=all ~group2 ~hostA
.sp 2
   Enforces limits on all hosts in the cluster, except for
   \fRhostA\fR and the hosts in \fRgroup2\fR.
.sp 2 .SH "Example 3"
\fBExample 3\fR
.sp 2
   HOSTS                        SWP (all ~hostK ~hostM)           10
.sp 2
   Enforces a 10 MB swap limit on all hosts in the cluster,
   except for \fRhostK\fR and \fRhostM\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2
\fBJOBS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRJOBS=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.sp 2
   \fRJOBS\fR
.sp 2
   \fR-\fR | \fIinteger\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Maximum number of running or suspended (RUN, SSUSP, USUSP)
   jobs available to resource consumers. Specify a positive
   integer greater than or equal 0. Job limits can be defined in
   both vertical and horizontal limit formats.
.sp 2
   With MultiCluster resource lease model, this limit applies
   only to local hosts being used by the local cluster. The job
   limit for hosts exported to a remote cluster is determined by
   the host export policy, not by this parameter. The job limit
   for borrowed hosts is determined by the host export policy of
   the remote cluster.
.sp 2
   If SLOTS are configured in the Limit section, the most
   restrictive limit is applied.
.sp 2
   If HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, JOBS is the
   number of running and suspended jobs on a host. If preemptive
   scheduling is used, the suspended jobs are not counted against
   the job limit.
.sp 2
   Use this parameter to prevent a host from being overloaded
   with too many jobs, and to maximize the throughput of a
   machine.
.sp 2
   If only QUEUES are configured in the Limit section, JOBS is
   the maximum number of jobs that can run in the listed queues
   for any hosts, users, or projects.
.sp 2
   If only USERS are configured in the Limit section, JOBS is the
   maximum number of jobs that the users or user groups can run
   on any hosts, queues, or projects.
.sp 2
   If only HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, JOBS is the
   maximum number of jobs that can run on the listed hosts for
   any users, queues, or projects.
.sp 2
   If only PROJECTS are configured in the Limit section, JOBS is
   the maximum number of jobs that can run under the listed
   projects for any users, queues, or hosts.
.sp 2
   Use QUEUES or PER_QUEUE, USERS or PER_USER, HOSTS or PER_HOST,
   and PROJECTS or PER_PROJECT in combination to further limit
   jobs available to resource consumers.
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one JOBS line per Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   In vertical format, use empty parentheses () or a dash (-) to
   indicate the default value (no limit). Fields cannot be left
   blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   No limit
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   JOBS=20
.sp 2
\fBLICENSE\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRLICENSE=\fR[\fIlicense_name\fR\fR,\fR\fIinteger\fR]
   [[\fIlicense_name\fR\fR,\fR\fIinteger\fR] ...]
.sp 2
   \fRLICENSE\fR
.sp 2
   \fR(\fR [\fIlicense_name\fR\fR,\fR\fIinteger\fR]
   [[\fIlicense_name\fR\fR,\fR\fIinteger\fR] ...] \fR)\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Maximum number of specified software licenses available to
   resource consumers. The value must be a positive integer
   greater than or equal to zero.
.sp 2
   Software licenses must be defined as decreasing numeric shared
   resources in lsf.shared.
.sp 2
   The RESOURCE keyword is a synonym for the LICENSE keyword. You
   cannot specify RESOURCE and LICENSE in the same Limit section.
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one LICENSE line per Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, license entries must be enclosed
   in parentheses.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
   (-) to indicate the default value (no limit). Fields cannot be
   left blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   None
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   LICENSE=[verilog,4] [spice,2]
.sp 2
   Begin Limit
.sp 2
   LICENSE                    PER_HOST
.sp 2
   ([verilog, 1])             (all ~hostA)
.sp 2
   ([verilog, 1] [spice,2])   (hostA)
.sp 2
   End Limit
.sp 2
\fBMEM\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRMEM=\fR\fIinteger\fR[\fR%\fR]
.sp 2
   \fRMEM\fR
.sp 2
   \fR-\fR | \fIinteger\fR[\fR%\fR]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Maximum amount of memory available to resource consumers.
   Specify a value in MB or a percentage (%) as a positive
   integer greater than or equal 0. If you specify a percentage,
   you must also specify PER_HOST and list the hosts that the
   limit is to be enforced on.
.sp 2
   The Limit section is ignored if MEM is specified as a
   percentage:
.sp 2
     o  
         Without PER_HOST, or
.sp 2
     o  
         With HOSTS
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one MEM line per Limit section.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
   (-) to indicate the default value (no limit). Fields cannot be
   left blank.
.sp 2
   If only QUEUES are configured in the Limit section, MEM must
   be an integer value. MEM is the maximum amount of memory
   available to the listed queues for any hosts, users, or
   projects.
.sp 2
   If only USERS are configured in the Limit section, MEM must be
   an integer value. MEM is the maximum amount of memory that the
   users or user groups can use on any hosts, queues, or
   projects.
.sp 2
   If only HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, MEM must be
   an integer value. It cannot be a percentage. MEM is the
   maximum amount of memory available to the listed hosts for any
   users, queues, or projects.
.sp 2
   If only PROJECTS are configured in the Limit section, MEM must
   be an integer value. MEM is the maximum amount of memory
   available to the listed projects for any users, queues, or
   hosts.
.sp 2
   Use QUEUES or PER_QUEUE, USERS or PER_USER, HOSTS or PER_HOST,
   and PROJECTS or PER_PROJECT in combination to further limit
   memory available to resource consumers.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   No limit
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   MEM=20
.sp 2
\fBNAME\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRNAME=\fR\fIlimit_name\fR
.sp 2
   \fRNAME\fR
.sp 2
   \fR-\fR | \fIlimit_name\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Name of the Limit section
.sp 2
   Specify any ASCII string 40 characters or less. You can use
   letters, digits, underscores (_) or dashes (-). You cannot use
   blank spaces.
.sp 2
   If duplicate limit names are defined, the Limit section is
   ignored. If value of NAME is not defined in vertical format,
   or defined as (-), blimtis displays \fRNONAME\fInnn\fR\fR.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   None. In horizontal format, you must provide a name for the
   Limit section. NAME is optional in the vertical format.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   NAME=short_limits
.sp 2
\fBPER_HOST\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRPER_HOST=all\fR [~]\fIhost_name\fR ... | all
   [\fR~\fR]\fIhost_group\fR ...
.sp 2
   \fRPER_HOST\fR
.sp 2
   \fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIhost_name\fR ... |
   \fRall \fR[\fR~\fR]\fIhost_group\fR ... \fR)\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   A space-separated list of host or host groups defined in
   lsb.hosts on which limits are enforced. Limits are enforced on
   each host or individually to each host of the host group
   listed. If a group contains a subgroup, the limit also applies
   to each member in the subgroup recursively.
.sp 2
   Do not configure PER_HOST and HOSTS limits in the same Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one PER_HOST line per Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   If you specify MEM, TMP, or SWP as a percentage, you must
   specify PER_HOST and list the hosts that the limit is to be
   enforced on. You cannot specify HOSTS.
.sp 2
   Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to each
   host in a cluster. If host groups are configured, the limit
   applies to each member of the host group, not the group as a
   whole.
.sp 2
   Use the not operator (~) to exclude hosts or host groups from
   the all specification in the limit. This is useful if you have
   a large cluster but only want to exclude a few hosts from the
   limit definition.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, multiple host names must be
   enclosed in parentheses.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
   (-) to indicate each host or host group member. Fields cannot
   be left blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   None. If no limit is specified for PER_HOST or HOST, no limit
   is enforced on any host or host group.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   PER_HOST=hostA hgroup1 ~hostC
.sp 2
\fBPER_PROJECT\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRPER_PROJECT=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIproject_name\fR ...
.sp 2
   \fRPER_PROJECT\fR
.sp 2
   \fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIproject_name\fR ...
   \fR)\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   A space-separated list of project names on which limits are
   enforced. Limits are enforced on each project listed.
.sp 2
   Do not configure PER_PROJECT and PROJECTS limits in the same
   Limit section.
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one PER_PROJECT line per Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to each
   project in a cluster.
.sp 2
   Use the not operator (~) to exclude projects from the all
   specification in the limit.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, multiple project names must be
   enclosed in parentheses.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
   (-) to indicate each project. Fields cannot be left blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   None. If no limit is specified for PER_PROJECT or PROJECTS, no
   limit is enforced on any project.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   PER_PROJECT=proj1 proj2
.sp 2
\fBPER_QUEUE\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRPER_QUEUE=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIqueue_name\fR ..
.sp 2
   \fRPER_QUEUE\fR
.sp 2
   \fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIqueue_name\fR ...
   \fR)\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   A space-separated list of queue names on which limits are
   enforced. Limits are enforced on jobs submitted to each queue
   listed.
.sp 2
   Do not configure PER_QUEUE and QUEUES limits in the same Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one PER_QUEUE line per Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to each
   queue in a cluster.
.sp 2
   Use the not operator (~) to exclude queues from the all
   specification in the limit. This is useful if you have a large
   number of queues but only want to exclude a few queues from
   the limit definition.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, multiple queue names must be
   enclosed in parentheses.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
   (-) to indicate each queue. Fields cannot be left blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   None. If no limit is specified for PER_QUEUE or QUEUES, no
   limit is enforced on any queue.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   PER_QUEUE=priority night
.sp 2
\fBPER_USER\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRPER_USER=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_name\fR ... | \fRall\fR
   [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_group\fR ...
.sp 2
   \fRPER_USER\fR
.sp 2
   \fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_name\fR ... |
   \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_group\fR ... \fR)\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   A space-separated list of user names or user groups on which
   limits are enforced. Limits are enforced on each user or
   individually to each user in the user group listed. If a user
   group contains a subgroup, the limit also applies to each
   member in the subgroup recursively.
.sp 2
   User names must be valid login names. User group names can be
   LSF user groups or UNIX and Windows user groups. Note that for
   LSF and UNIX user groups, the groups must be specified in a
   UserGroup section in lsb.users first.
.sp 2
   Do not configure PER_USER and USERS limits in the same Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one PER_USER line per Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to each
   user in a cluster. If user groups are configured, the limit
   applies to each member of the user group, not the group as a
   whole.
.sp 2
   Use the not operator (~) to exclude users or user groups from
   the all specification in the limit. This is useful if you have
   a large number of users but only want to exclude a few users
   from the limit definition.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, multiple user names must be
   enclosed in parentheses.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
   (-) to indicate user or user group member. Fields cannot be
   left blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   None. If no limit is specified for PER_USER or USERS, no limit
   is enforced on any user or user group.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   PER_USER=user1 user2 ugroup1 ~user3
.sp 2
\fBPROJECTS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRPROJECTS=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIproject_name\fR ...
.sp 2
   \fRPROJECTS\fR
.sp 2
   \fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIproject_name\fR ...
   \fR)\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   A space-separated list of project names on which limits are
   enforced. Limits are enforced on all projects listed.
.sp 2
   To specify a per-project limit, use the PER_PROJECT keyword.
   Do not configure PROJECTS and PER_PROJECT limits in the same
   Limit section.
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one PROJECTS line per Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to all
   projects in a cluster.
.sp 2
   Use the not operator (~) to exclude projects from the all
   specification in the limit. This is useful if you have a large
   number of projects but only want to exclude a few projects
   from the limit definition.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, multiple project names must be
   enclosed in parentheses.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
   (-) to indicate all projects. Fields cannot be left blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   all (limits are enforced on all projects in the cluster)
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   PROJECTS=projA projB
.sp 2
\fBQUEUES\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRQUEUES=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIqueue_name\fR ...
.sp 2
   \fRQUEUES\fR
.sp 2
   \fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIqueue_name\fR ...
   \fR)\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   A space-separated list of queue names on which limits are
   enforced. Limits are enforced on all queues listed.
.sp 2
   The list must contain valid queue names defined in lsb.queues.
.sp 2
   To specify a per-queue limit, use the PER_QUEUE keyword. Do
   not configure QUEUES and PER_QUEUE limits in the same Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one QUEUES line per Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to all
   queues in a cluster.
.sp 2
   Use the not operator (~) to exclude queues from the all
   specification in the limit. This is useful if you have a large
   number of queues but only want to exclude a few queues from
   the limit definition.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, multiple queue names must be
   enclosed in parentheses.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
   (-) to indicate all queues. Fields cannot be left blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   all (limits are enforced on all queues in the cluster)
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   QUEUES=normal night
.sp 2
\fBRESOURCE\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRRESOURCE=\fR[\fIshared_resource\fR\fR,\fR\fIinteger\fR]
   [[\fIshared_resource\fR\fR,\fR\fIinteger\fR] ...]
.sp 2
   \fRRESOURCE\fR
.sp 2
   \fR(\fR [[\fIshared_resource\fR\fR,\fR\fIinteger\fR]
   [[\fIshared_resource\fR\fR,\fR\fIinteger\fR] ...] \fR)\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Maximum amount of any user-defined shared resource available
   to consumers.
.sp 2
   The RESOURCE keyword is a synonym for the LICENSE keyword. You
   can use RESOURCE to configure software licenses. You cannot
   specify RESOURCE and LICENSE in the same Limit section.
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one RESOURCE line per Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, resource names must be enclosed in
   parentheses.
.sp 2
   In vertical tabular format, use empty parentheses () or a dash
   (-) to indicate all queues. Fields cannot be left blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   None
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   RESOURCE=[stat_shared,4]
.sp 2
   Begin Limit
.sp 2
   RESOURCE                       PER_HOST
.sp 2
   ([stat_shared,4])              (all ~hostA)
.sp 2
   ([dyn_rsrc,1] [stat_rsrc,2])  (hostA)
.sp 2
   End Limit
.sp 2
\fBSLOTS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRSLOTS=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.sp 2
   \fRSLOTS\fR
.sp 2
   \fR-\fR | \fIinteger\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Maximum number of job slots available to resource consumers.
   Specify a positive integer greater than or equal 0.
.sp 2
   With MultiCluster resource lease model, this limit applies
   only to local hosts being used by the local cluster. The job
   slot limit for hosts exported to a remote cluster is
   determined by the host export policy, not by this parameter.
   The job slot limit for borrowed hosts is determined by the
   host export policy of the remote cluster.
.sp 2
   If JOBS are configured in the Limit section, the most
   restrictive limit is applied.
.sp 2
   If HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, SLOTS is the
   number of running and suspended jobs on a host. If preemptive
   scheduling is used, the suspended jobs are not counted as
   using a job slot.
.sp 2
   To fully use the CPU resource on multiprocessor hosts, make
   the number of job slots equal to or greater than the number of
   processors.
.sp 2
   Use this parameter to prevent a host from being overloaded
   with too many jobs, and to maximize the throughput of a
   machine.
.sp 2
   Use “!” to make the number of job slots equal to the number of
   CPUs on a host.
.sp 2
   If the number of CPUs in a host changes dynamically, mbatchd
   adjusts the maximum number of job slots per host accordingly.
   Allow the mbatchd up to 10 minutes to get the number of CPUs
   for a host. During this period the value of SLOTS is 1.
.sp 2
   If only QUEUES are configured in the Limit section, SLOTS is
   the maximum number of job slots available to the listed queues
   for any hosts, users, or projects.
.sp 2
   If only USERS are configured in the Limit section, SLOTS is
   the maximum number of job slots that the users or user groups
   can use on any hosts, queues, or projects.
.sp 2
   If only HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, SLOTS is
   the maximum number of job slots that are available to the
   listed hosts for any users, queues, or projects.
.sp 2
   If only PROJECTS are configured in the Limit section, SLOTS is
   the maximum number of job slots that are available to the
   listed projects for any users, queues, or hosts.
.sp 2
   Use QUEUES or PER_QUEUE, USERS or PER_USER, HOSTS or PER_HOST,
   and PROJECTS or PER_PROJECT in combination to further limit
   job slots per processor available to resource consumers.
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one SLOTS line per Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   In vertical format, use empty parentheses () or a dash (-) to
   indicate the default value (no limit). Fields cannot be left
   blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   No limit
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   SLOTS=20
.sp 2
\fBSLOTS_PER_PROCESSOR\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRSLOTS_PER_PROCESSOR=\fR\fInumber\fR
.sp 2
   \fRSLOTS_PER_PROCESSOR\fR
.sp 2
   \fR-\fR | \fInumber\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Per processor job slot limit, based on the number of
   processors on each host affected by the limit.
.sp 2
   Maximum number of job slots that each resource consumer can
   use per processor. This job slot limit is configured per
   processor so that multiprocessor hosts will automatically run
   more jobs.
.sp 2
   You must also specify PER_HOST and list the hosts that the
   limit is to be enforced on. The Limit section is ignored if
   SLOTS_PER_PROCESSOR is specified:
.sp 2
     o  
         Without PER_HOST, or
.sp 2
     o  
         With HOSTS
.sp 2
   In vertical format, use empty parentheses () or a dash (-) to
   indicate the default value (no limit). Fields cannot be left
   blank.
.sp 2
   To fully use the CPU resource on multiprocessor hosts, make
   the number of job slots equal to or greater than the number of
   processors.
.sp 2
   Use this parameter to prevent a host from being overloaded
   with too many jobs, and to maximize the throughput of a
   machine.
.sp 2
   This number can be a fraction such as 0.5, so that it can also
   serve as a per-CPU limit on multiprocessor machines. This
   number is rounded up to the nearest integer equal to or
   greater than the total job slot limits for a host. For
   example, if SLOTS_PER_PREOCESSOR is 0.5, on a 4-CPU
   multiprocessor host, users can only use up to 2 job slots at
   any time. On a single-processor machine, users can use 1 job
   slot.
.sp 2
   Use “!” to make the number of job slots equal to the number of
   CPUs on a host.
.sp 2
   If the number of CPUs in a host changes dynamically, mbatchd
   adjusts the maximum number of job slots per host accordingly.
   Allow the mbatchd up to 10 minutes to get the number of CPUs
   for a host. During this period the number of CPUs is 1.
.sp 2
   If only QUEUES and PER_HOST are configured in the Limit
   section, SLOTS_PER_PROCESSOR is the maximum amount of job
   slots per processor available to the listed queues for any
   hosts, users, or projects.
.sp 2
   If only USERS and PER_HOST are configured in the Limit
   section, SLOTS_PER_PROCESSOR is the maximum amount of job
   slots per processor that the users or user groups can use on
   any hosts, queues, or projects.
.sp 2
   If only PER_HOST is configured in the Limit section,
   SLOTS_PER_PROCESSOR is the maximum amount of job slots per
   processor available to the listed hosts for any users, queues,
   or projects.
.sp 2
   If only PROJECTS and PER_HOST are configured in the Limit
   section, SLOTS_PER_PROCESSOR is the maximum amount of job
   slots per processor available to the listed projects for any
   users, queues, or hosts.
.sp 2
   Use QUEUES or PER_QUEUE, USERS or PER_USER, PER_HOST, and
   PROJECTS or PER_PROJECT in combination to further limit job
   slots per processor available to resource consumers.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   No limit
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   SLOTS_PER_PROCESSOR=2
.sp 2
\fBSWP\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRSWP=\fR\fIinteger\fR[\fR%\fR]
.sp 2
   \fRSWP\fR
.sp 2
   \fR-\fR | \fIinteger\fR[\fR%\fR]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Maximum amount of swap space available to resource consumers.
   Specify a value in MB or a percentage (%) as a positive
   integer greater than or equal 0. If you specify a percentage,
   you must also specify PER_HOST and list the hosts that the
   limit is to be enforced on.
.sp 2
   The Limit section is ignored if SWP is specified as a
   percentage:
.sp 2
     o  
         Without PER_HOST, or
.sp 2
     o  
         With HOSTS
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one SWP line per Limit section.
.sp 2
   In vertical format, use empty parentheses () or a dash (-) to
   indicate the default value (no limit). Fields cannot be left
   blank.
.sp 2
   If only QUEUES are configured in the Limit section, SWP must
   be an integer value. SWP is the maximum amount of swap space
   available to the listed queues for any hosts, users, or
   projects.
.sp 2
   If only USERS are configured in the Limit section, SWP must be
   an integer value. SWP is the maximum amount of swap space that
   the users or user groups can use on any hosts, queues, or
   projects.
.sp 2
   If only HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, SWP must be
   an integer value. SWP is the maximum amount of swap space
   available to the listed hosts for any users, queues, or
   projects.
.sp 2
   If only PROJECTS are configured in the Limit section, SWP must
   be an integer value. SWP is the maximum amount of swap space
   available to the listed projects for any users, queues, or
   hosts.
.sp 2
   Use QUEUES or PER_QUEUE, USERS or PER_USER, HOSTS or PER_HOST,
   and PROJECTS or PER_PROJECT in combination to further limit
   swap space available to resource consumers.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   No limit
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   SWP=60
.sp 2
\fBTMP\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRTMP=\fR\fIinteger\fR[\fR%\fR]
.sp 2
   \fRTMP\fR
.sp 2
   \fR-\fR | \fIinteger\fR[\fR%\fR]
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Maximum amount of tmp space available to resource consumers.
   Specify a value in MB or a percentage (%) as a positive
   integer greater than or equal 0. If you specify a percentage,
   you must also specify PER_HOST and list the hosts that the
   limit is to be enforced on.
.sp 2
   The Limit section is ignored if TMP is specified as a
   percentage:
.sp 2
     o  
         Without PER_HOST, or
.sp 2
     o  
         With HOSTS
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one TMP line per Limit section.
.sp 2
   In vertical format, use empty parentheses () or a dash (-) to
   indicate the default value (no limit). Fields cannot be left
   blank.
.sp 2
   If only QUEUES are configured in the Limit section, TMP must
   be an integer value. TMP is the maximum amount of tmp space
   available to the listed queues for any hosts, users, or
   projects.
.sp 2
   If only USERS are configured in the Limit section, TMP must be
   an integer value. TMP is the maximum amount of tmp space that
   the users or user groups can use on any hosts, queues, or
   projects.
.sp 2
   If only HOSTS are configured in the Limit section, TMP must be
   an integer value. TMP is the maximum amount of tmp space
   available to the listed hosts for any users, queues, or
   projects.
.sp 2
   If only PROJECTS are configured in the Limit section, TMP must
   be an integer value. TMP is the maximum amount of tmp space
   available to the listed projects for any users, queues, or
   hosts.
.sp 2
   Use QUEUES or PER_QUEUE, USERS or PER_USER, HOSTS or PER_HOST,
   and PROJECTS or PER_PROJECT in combination to further limit
   tmp space available to resource consumers.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   No limit
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   TMP=20%
.sp 2
\fBUSERS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRUSERS=all\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_name\fR ... | \fRall\fR
   [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_group\fR ...
.sp 2
   \fRUSERS\fR
.sp 2
   \fR(\fR [\fR-\fR] | \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_name\fR ... |
   \fRall\fR [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_group\fR ... \fR)\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   A space-separated list of user names or user groups on which
   limits are enforced. Limits are enforced on all users or
   groups listed. Limits apply to a group as a whole.
.sp 2
   If a group contains a subgroup, the limit also applies to each
   member in the subgroup recursively.
.sp 2
   User names must be valid login names. User group names can be
   LSF user groups or UNIX and Windows user groups.
.sp 2
   To specify a per-user limit, use the PER_USER keyword. Do not
   configure USERS and PER_USER limits in the same Limit section.
.sp 2
   In horizontal format, use only one USERS line per Limit
   section.
.sp 2
   Use the keyword all to configure limits that apply to all
   users or user groups in a cluster.
.sp 2
   Use the not operator (~) to exclude users or user groups from
   the all specification in the limit. This is useful if you have
   a large number of users but only want to exclude a few users
   or groups from the limit definition.
.sp 2
   In vertical format, multiple user names must be enclosed in
   parentheses.
.sp 2
   In vertical format, use empty parentheses () or a dash (-) to
   indicate all users or groups. Fields cannot be left blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   all (limits are enforced on all users in the cluster)
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   USERS=user1 user2
.sp 2
\fBHostExport section\fR
.sp 2
   Defines an export policy for a host or a group of related
   hosts. Defines how much of each host’s resources are exported,
   and how the resources are distributed among the consumers.
.sp 2
   Each export policy is defined in a separate HostExport
   section, so it is normal to have multiple HostExport sections
   in lsb.resources.
.sp 2 .SH "HostExport section structure"
\fBHostExport section structure\fR
.sp 2
   Use empty parentheses ( ) or a dash (-) to specify the default
   value for an entry. Fields cannot be left blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Example HostExport section"
\fBExample HostExport section\fR
.sp 2
   Begin HostExport PER_HOST= hostA hostB SLOTS= 4 DISTRIBUTION= [cluster1, 1] [cluster2, 3] MEM= 100 SWAP= 100 End HostExport
.sp 2 .SH "Parameters"
\fBParameters\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         PER_HOST
.sp 2
     o  
         RES_SELECT
.sp 2
     o  
         NHOSTS
.sp 2
     o  
         DISTRIBUTION
.sp 2
     o  
         MEM
.sp 2
     o  
         SLOTS
.sp 2
     o  
         SWAP
.sp 2
     o  
         TYPE
.sp 2
\fBPER_HOST\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRPER_HOST=\fR\fIhost_name\fR...
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Required when exporting special hosts.
.sp 2
   Determines which hosts to export. Specify one or more LSF
   hosts by name. Separate names by space.
.sp 2
\fBRES_SELECT\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRRES_SELECT=\fR\fIres_req \fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Required when exporting workstations.
.sp 2
   Determines which hosts to export. Specify the selection part
   of the resource requirement string (without quotes or
   parentheses), and LSF will automatically select hosts that
   meet the specified criteria. For this parameter, if you do not
   specify the required host type, the default is type==any.
.sp 2
   When LSF_STRICT_RESREQ=Y is configured in lsf.conf, resource
   requirement strings in select sections must conform to a more
   strict syntax. The strict resource requirement syntax only
   applies to the select section. It does not apply to the other
   resource requirement sections (order, rusage, same, span, or
   cu). When LSF_STRICT_RESREQ=Y in lsf.conf, LSF rejects
   resource requirement strings where an rusage section contains
   a non-consumable resource.
.sp 2
   The criteria is only evaluated once, when a host is exported.
.sp 2
\fBNHOSTS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRNHOSTS=\fR\fIinteger \fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Required when exporting workstations.
.sp 2
   Maximum number of hosts to export. If there are not this many
   hosts meeting the selection criteria, LSF exports as many as
   it can.
.sp 2
\fBDISTRIBUTION\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRDISTRIBUTION=(\fR[\fIcluster_name\fR,
   \fInumber_shares\fR]...\fR)\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Required. Specifies how the exported resources are distributed
   among consumer clusters.
.sp 2
   The syntax for the distribution list is a series of share
   assignments. The syntax of each share assignment is the
   cluster name, a comma, and the number of shares, all enclosed
   in square brackets, as shown. Use a space to separate multiple
   share assignments. Enclose the full distribution list in a set
   of round brackets.
.sp 2
   \fIcluster_name\fR
.sp 2
   Specify the name of a remote cluster that will be allowed to
   use the exported resources. If you specify a local cluster,
   the assignment is ignored.
.sp 2
   \fInumber_shares\fR
.sp 2
   Specify a positive integer representing the number of shares
   of exported resources assigned to the cluster.
.sp 2
   The number of shares assigned to a cluster is only meaningful
   when you compare it to the number assigned to other clusters,
   or to the total number. The total number of shares is just the
   sum of all the shares assigned in each share assignment.
.sp 2
\fBMEM\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRMEM=\fR\fImegabytes \fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Used when exporting special hosts. Specify the amount of
   memory to export on each host, in MB.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   - (provider and consumer clusters compete for available
   memory)
.sp 2
\fBSLOTS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRSLOTS=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Required when exporting special hosts. Specify the number of
   job slots to export on each host.
.sp 2
   To avoid overloading a partially exported host, you can reduce
   the number of job slots in the configuration of the local
   cluster.
.sp 2
\fBSWAP\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRSWAP=\fR\fImegabytes \fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Used when exporting special hosts. Specify the amount of swap
   space to export on each host, in MB.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   - (provider and consumer clusters compete for available swap
   space)
.sp 2
\fBTYPE\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRTYPE=shared\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Changes the lease type from exclusive to shared.
.sp 2
   If you export special hosts with a shared lease (using
   PER_HOST), you cannot specify multiple consumer clusters in
   the distribution policy.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Undefined (the lease type is exclusive; exported resources are
   never available to the provider cluster)
.sp 2
\fBSharedResourceExport section\fR
.sp 2
   Optional. Requires HostExport section. Defines an export
   policy for a shared resource. Defines how much of the shared
   resource is exported, and the distribution among the
   consumers.
.sp 2
   The shared resource must be available on hosts defined in the
   HostExport sections.
.sp 2 .SH "SharedResourceExport section structure"
\fBSharedResourceExport section structure\fR
.sp 2
   All parameters are required.
.sp 2 .SH "Example SharedResourceExport section"
\fBExample SharedResourceExport section\fR
.sp 2
   Begin SharedResourceExport 
.sp 2
   NAME= AppLicense 
.sp 2
   NINSTANCES= 10 
.sp 2
   DISTRIBUTION= ([C1, 30] [C2, 70]) 
.sp 2
   End SharedResourceExport
.sp 2 .SH "Parameters"
\fBParameters\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         NAME
.sp 2
     o  
         NINSTANCES
.sp 2
     o  
         DISTRIBUTION
.sp 2
\fBNAME\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRNAME=\fR\fIshared_resource_name\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Shared resource to export. This resource must be available on
   the hosts that are exported to the specified clusters; you
   cannot export resources without hosts.
.sp 2
\fBNINSTANCES\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRNINSTANCES=\fR\fIinteger\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Maximum quantity of shared resource to export. If the total
   number available is less than the requested amount, LSF
   exports all that are available.
.sp 2
\fBDISTRIBUTION\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRDISTRIBUTION=(\fR[\fIcluster_name\fR,
   \fInumber_shares\fR]...\fR)\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Specifies how the exported resources are distributed among
   consumer clusters.
.sp 2
   The syntax for the distribution list is a series of share
   assignments. The syntax of each share assignment is the
   cluster name, a comma, and the number of shares, all enclosed
   in square brackets, as shown. Use a space to separate multiple
   share assignments. Enclose the full distribution list in a set
   of round brackets.
.sp 2
   \fIcluster_name\fR
.sp 2
   Specify the name of a cluster allowed to use the exported
   resources.
.sp 2
   \fInumber_shares\fR
.sp 2
   Specify a positive integer representing the number of shares
   of exported resources assigned to the cluster.
.sp 2
   The number of shares assigned to a cluster is only meaningful
   when you compare it to the number assigned to other clusters,
   or to the total number. The total number of shares is the sum
   of all the shares assigned in each share assignment.
.sp 2
\fBResourceReservation section\fR
.sp 2
   By default, only LSF administrators or root can add or delete
   advance reservations.
.sp 2
   The ResourceReservation section defines an advance reservation
   policy. It specifies:
.sp 2
     o  
         Users or user groups that can create reservations
.sp 2
     o  
         Hosts that can be used for the reservation
.sp 2
     o  
         Time window when reservations can be created
.sp 2
   Each advance reservation policy is defined in a separate
   ResourceReservation section, so it is normal to have multiple
   ResourceReservation sections in lsb.resources.
.sp 2 .SH "Example ResourceReservation section"
\fBExample ResourceReservation section\fR
.sp 2
   Only \fRuser1\fR and \fRuser2\fR can make advance reservations
   on \fRhostA\fR and \fRhostB\fR. The reservation time window is
   between 8:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. every day:
.sp 2
   Begin ResourceReservation 
.sp 2
   NAME        = dayPolicy 
.sp 2
   USERS       = user1 user2     # optional 
.sp 2
   HOSTS       = hostA hostB     # optional 
.sp 2
   TIME_WINDOW = 8:00-18:00      # weekly recurring reservation 
.sp 2
   End ResourceReservation 
.sp 2
   \fRuser1\fR can add the following reservation for user
   \fRuser2\fR to use on \fRhostA\fR every Friday between 9:00
   a.m. and 11:00 a.m.:
.sp 2
   % user1@hostB> brsvadd -m "hostA" -n 1 -u "user2" -t "5:9:0-5:11:0" Reservation "user2#2" is created
.sp 2
   Users can only delete reservations they created themselves. In
   the example, only user \fRuser1\fR can delete the reservation;
   \fRuser2\fR cannot. Administrators can delete any reservations
   created by users.
.sp 2 .SH "Parameters"
\fBParameters\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         HOSTS
.sp 2
     o  
         NAME
.sp 2
     o  
         TIME_WINDOW
.sp 2
     o  
         USERS
.sp 2
\fBHOSTS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRHOSTS=\fR[\fR~\fR]\fIhost_name\fR |
   [\fR~\fR]\fIhost_group\fR | \fRall\fR | \fRallremote\fR |
   \fRall@\fR\fIcluster_name\fR ...
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   A space-separated list of hosts, host groups defined in
   lsb.hosts on which administrators or users specified in the
   USERS parameter can create advance reservations.
.sp 2
   The hosts can be local to the cluster or hosts leased from
   remote clusters.
.sp 2
   If a group contains a subgroup, the reservation configuration
   applies to each member in the subgroup recursively.
.sp 2
   Use the keyword all to configure reservation policies that
   apply to all local hosts in a cluster not explicitly excluded.
   This is useful if you have a large cluster but you want to use
   the not operator (~) to exclude a few hosts from the list of
   hosts where reservations can be created.
.sp 2
   Use the keyword allremote to specify all hosts borrowed from
   all remote clusters.
.sp 2
      \fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
         You cannot specify host groups or host partitions that
         contain the allremote keyword.
.sp 2
   Use all@\fIcluster_name\fR to specify the group of all hosts
   borrowed from one remote cluster. You cannot specify a host
   group or partition that includes remote resources.
.sp 2
   With MultiCluster resource leasing model, the not operator (~)
   can be used to exclude local hosts or host groups. You cannot
   use the not operator (~) with remote hosts.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   HOSTS=hgroup1 ~hostA hostB hostC
.sp 2
   Advance reservations can be created on \fRhostB\fR,
   \fRhostC\fR, and all hosts in \fRhgroup1\fR except for
   \fRhostA\fR.
.sp 2
   HOSTS=all ~group2 ~hostA
.sp 2
   Advance reservations can be created on all hosts in the
   cluster, except for \fRhostA\fR and the hosts in \fRgroup2\fR.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   all allremote (users can create reservations on all server
   hosts in the local cluster, and all leased hosts in a remote
   cluster).
.sp 2
\fBNAME\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRNAME=\fR\fItext\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Required. Name of the ResourceReservation section
.sp 2
   Specify any ASCII string 40 characters or less. You can use
   letters, digits, underscores (_) or dashes (-). You cannot use
   blank spaces.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   NAME=reservation1
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   None. You must provide a name for the ResourceReservation
   section.
.sp 2
\fBTIME_WINDOW\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRTIME_WINDOW=\fR\fItime_window\fR ...
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Optional. Time window for users to create advance
   reservations. The time for reservations that users create must
   fall within this time window.
.sp 2
   Use the same format for \fItime_window\fR as the recurring
   reservation option (-t) of brsvadd. To specify a time window,
   specify two time values separated by a hyphen (-), with no
   space in between:
.sp 2
   time_window = begin_time-end_time
.sp 2 .SH "Time format"
\fBTime format\fR
.sp 2
   Times are specified in the format:
.sp 2
   [day:]hour[:minute]
.sp 2
   where all fields are numbers with the following ranges:
.sp 2
     o  
         \fIday of the week\fR: 0-6 (0 is Sunday)
.sp 2
     o  
         \fIhour\fR: 0-23
.sp 2
     o  
         \fIminute\fR: 0-59
.sp 2
   Specify a time window one of the following ways:
.sp 2
     o  
         \fIhour\fR-\fIhour\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         \fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         \fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR-\fIday\fR:\fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR
.sp 2
   The default value for minute is 0 (on the hour); the default
   value for day is every day of the week.
.sp 2
   You must specify at least the hour. Day of the week and minute
   are optional. Both the start time and end time values must use
   the same syntax. If you do not specify a minute, LSF assumes
   the first minute of the hour (\fR:00\fR). If you do not
   specify a day, LSF assumes every day of the week. If you do
   specify the day, you must also specify the minute.
.sp 2
   You can specify multiple time windows, but they cannot
   overlap. For example:
.sp 2
   timeWindow(8:00-14:00 18:00-22:00)
.sp 2
   is correct, but
.sp 2
   timeWindow(8:00-14:00 11:00-15:00)
.sp 2
   is not valid.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   TIME_WINDOW=8:00-14:00
.sp 2
   Users can create advance reservations with begin time (brsvadd
   -b), end time (brsvadd -e), or time window (brsvadd -t) on any
   day between 8:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Undefined (any time)
.sp 2
\fBUSERS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRUSERS=\fR[\fR~\fR]\fIuser_name\fR |
   [\fR~\fR]\fIuser_group\fR ... | \fRall\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   A space-separated list of user names or user groups who are
   allowed to create advance reservations. Administrators, root,
   and all users or groups listed can create reservations.
.sp 2
   If a group contains a subgroup, the reservation policy applies
   to each member in the subgroup recursively.
.sp 2
   User names must be valid login names. User group names can be
   LSF user groups or UNIX and Windows user groups.
.sp 2
   Use the keyword all to configure reservation policies that
   apply to all users or user groups in a cluster. This is useful
   if you have a large number of users but you want to exclude a
   few users or groups from the reservation policy.
.sp 2
   Use the not operator (~) to exclude users or user groups from
   the list of users who can create reservations.
.sp 2
      \fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
         The not operator does not exclude LSF administrators
         from the policy.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   USERS=user1 user2
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   all (all users in the cluster can create reservations)
.sp 2
\fBReservationUsage section\fR
.sp 2
   To enable greater flexibility for reserving numeric resources
   that are reserved by jobs, configure the ReservationUsage
   section in lsb.resources to reserve resources like license
   tokens per resource as PER_JOB, PER_SLOT, or PER_HOST. For
   example:
.sp 2 .SH "Example ReservationUsage section"
\fBExample ReservationUsage section\fR
.sp 2
   Begin ReservationUsage 
.sp 2
   RESOURCE             METHOD        RESERVE
.sp 2
   licenseX             PER_JOB           Y
.sp 2
   licenseY             PER_HOST          N
.sp 2
   licenseZ             PER_SLOT          N
.sp 2
   End ReservationUsage
.sp 2 .SH "Parameters"
\fBParameters\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         RESOURCE
.sp 2
     o  
         METHOD
.sp 2
     o  
         RESERVE
.sp 2
\fBRESOURCE\fR
.sp 2
   The name of the resource to be reserved. User-defined numeric
   resources can be reserved, but only if they are shared (they
   are not specific to one host).
.sp 2
   The following built-in resources can be configured in the
   ReservationUsage section and reserved:
.sp 2
     o  
         mem
.sp 2
     o  
         tmp
.sp 2
     o  
         swp
.sp 2
   Any custom resource can also be reserved if it is shared
   (defined in the Resource section of lsf.shared) or host based
   (listed in the Host section of the lsf.cluster file in the
   resource column).
.sp 2
\fBMETHOD\fR
.sp 2
   The resource reservation method. One of:
.sp 2
     o  
         PER_JOB
.sp 2
     o  
         PER_HOST
.sp 2
     o  
         PER_SLOT
.sp 2
   The cluster-wide RESOURCE_RESERVE_PER_SLOT parameter in
   lsb.params is obsolete.
.sp 2
   RESOURCE_RESERVE_PER_SLOT parameter still controls resources
   not configured in lsb.resources. Resources not reserved in
   lsb.resources are reserved per job.
.sp 2
   PER_HOST reservation means that for the parallel job, LSF
   reserves one instance of a for each host. For example, some
   application licenses are charged only once no matter how many
   applications are running provided those applications are
   running on the same host under the same user.
.sp 2
   Use no method ("-") when setting mem, swp, or tmp as
   \fRRESERVE=Y\fR.
.sp 2
\fBRESERVE\fR
.sp 2
   Reserves the resource for pending jobs that are waiting for
   another resource to become available.
.sp 2
   For example, job A requires resources X, Y, and Z to run, but
   resource Z is a high demand or scarce resource. This job pends
   until Z is available. In the meantime, other jobs requiring
   only X and Y resources run. If X and Y are set as reservable
   resources (the \fBRESERVE\fR parameter is set to "Y"), as soon
   as Z resource is available, job A runs. If they are not, job A
   may never be able to run because all resources are never
   available at the same time.
.sp 2
      \fBRestriction: \fR
.sp 2
         Only the following built-in resources can be defined as
         reservable:
.sp 2
           o  
               mem
.sp 2
           o  
               swp
.sp 2
           o  
               tmp
.sp 2
   Use no method ("-") when setting mem, swp, or tmp as
   \fRRESERVE=Y\fR.
.sp 2
   When submitting a job, the queue must have RESOURCE_RESERVE
   defined.
.sp 2
   Backfill of the reservable resources is also supported when
   you submit a job with reservable resources to a queue with
   BACKFILL defined.
.sp 2
   Valid values are Y and N. If not specified, resources are not
   reserved.
.sp 2 .SH "Assumptions and limitations"
\fBAssumptions and limitations\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         Per-resource configuration defines resource usage for
         individual resources, but it does not change any
         existing resource limit behavior (PER_JOB, PER_SLOT).
.sp 2
     o  
         In a MultiCluster environment, you should configure
         resource usage in the scheduling cluster (submission
         cluster in lease model or receiving cluster in job
         forward model).
.sp 2
\fBAutomatic time-based configuration\fR
.sp 2
   Variable configuration is used to automatically change LSF
   configuration based on time windows. You define automatic
   configuration changes in lsb.resources by using if-else
   constructs and time expressions. After you change the files,
   reconfigure the cluster with the badmin reconfig command.
.sp 2
   The expressions are evaluated by LSF every 10 minutes based on
   mbatchd start time. When an expression evaluates true, LSF
   dynamically changes the configuration based on the associated
   configuration statements. Reconfiguration is done in real time
   without restarting mbatchd, providing continuous system
   availability.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   # limit usage of hosts in 'license1' group and time 
.sp 2
   # based configuration
.sp 2
   # - 10 jobs can run from normal queue
.sp 2
   # - any number can run from short queue between 18:30 
.sp 2
   #   and 19:30
.sp 2
   #   all other hours you are limited to 100 slots in the 
.sp 2
   #   short queue
.sp 2
   # - each other queue can run 30 jobs
.sp 2

.sp 2
   Begin Limit
.sp 2
   PER_QUEUE               HOSTS       SLOTS     # Example
.sp 2
   normal                  license1    10
.sp 2
   # if time(18:30-19:30)     
.sp 2
   short                   license1    -  
.sp 2
   #else
.sp 2
   short                   license1    100
.sp 2
   #endif    
.sp 2
   (all ~normal ~short)    license1    30     
.sp 2
   End Limit
