
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsb.users 5 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsb.users\fR
.sp 2
   The lsb.users file is used to configure user groups,
   hierarchical fairshare for users and user groups, and job slot
   limits for users and user groups. It is also used to configure
   account mappings in a MultiCluster environment.
.sp 2
   This file is optional.
.sp 2
   The lsb.users file is stored in the directory
   LSB_CONFDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/configdir, where LSB_CONFDIR is
   defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2 .SH "Changing lsb.users configuration"
\fBChanging lsb.users configuration\fR
.sp 2
   After making any changes to lsb.users, run badmin reconfig to
   reconfigure mbatchd.
.sp 2
\fBUserGroup section\fR
.sp 2
   Optional. Defines user groups.
.sp 2
   The name of the user group can be used in other user group and
   queue definitions, as well as on the command line. Specifying
   the name of a user group in the GROUP_MEMBER section has
   exactly the same effect as listing the names of all users in
   the group.
.sp 2
   The total number of user groups cannot be more than 1024.
.sp 2 .SH "Structure"
\fBStructure\fR
.sp 2
   The first line consists of two mandatory keywords, GROUP_NAME
   and GROUP_MEMBER. The USER_SHARES and GROUP_ADMIN keywords are
   optional. Subsequent lines name a group and list its
   membership and optionally its share assignments and
   administrator.
.sp 2
   Each line must contain one entry for each keyword. Use empty
   parentheses () or a dash - to specify the default value for an
   entry.
.sp 2
      \fBRestriction: \fR
.sp 2
         If specifying a specific user name for a user group,
         that entry must precede all user groups.
.sp 2 .SH "Example of a UserGroup section"
\fBExample of a UserGroup section\fR
.sp 2
   Begin UserGroup 
.sp 2
   GROUP_NAME GROUP_MEMBER GROUP_ADMIN
.sp 2
   groupA       (user1 user2 user3 user4) (user5)
.sp 2
   groupB       (groupA user5) (groupA)
.sp 2
   groupC       (!) ()
.sp 2
   End UserGroup
.sp 2
   Begin UserGroup 
.sp 2
   GROUP_NAME   GROUP_MEMBER            USER_SHARES 
.sp 2
   groupB       (user1 user2)           () 
.sp 2
   groupC       (user3 user4)           ([User3,3] [User4,4]) 
.sp 2
   groupA       (GroupB GroupC user5)   ([User5,1] [default,10]) 
.sp 2
   End UserGroup
.sp 2
\fBGROUP_NAME\fR
.sp 2
   An alphanumeric string representing the user group name. You
   cannot use the reserved name all or a \fR"/"\fR in a group
   name.
.sp 2

.sp 2
\fBGROUP_MEMBER\fR
.sp 2
   A list of user names or user group names that belong to the
   group, enclosed in parentheses and separated by spaces.
.sp 2
   User and user group names can appear on multiple lines because
   users can belong to multiple groups.
.sp 2
      \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
         When a user belongs to more than one group, any of the
         administrators specified for any of the groups the user
         belongs to can control that users’ jobs. Limit
         administrative control by submitting jobs with the -G
         option, specifying which user group the job is submitted
         with.
.sp 2
   User groups may be defined recursively but must not create a
   loop.
.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   (\fIuser_name\fR | \fIuser_group\fR ...) | (all) | (!)
.sp 2
   Specify the following, all enclosed in parentheses:
.sp 2
   \fIuser_name\fR | \fIuser_group \fR
.sp 2
   User and user group names, separated by spaces. User names
   must be valid login names. To specify a Windows user account,
   include the domain name in uppercase letters
   (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR).
.sp 2
   User group names can be LSF user groups defined previously in
   this section, or UNIX and Windows user groups. To specify a
   Windows user group, include the domain name in uppercase
   letters (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_group\fR).
.sp 2
   all
.sp 2
   The reserved name all specifies all users in the cluster.
.sp 2
   !
.sp 2
   An exclamation mark (\fR!\fR) indicates an externally-defined
   user group, which the egroup executable retrieves.
.sp 2
\fBGROUP_ADMIN\fR
.sp 2
   User group administrators are a list of user names or user
   group names that administer the jobs of the group members,
   enclosed in parentheses and separated by spaces.
.sp 2
   A user group administrator is allowed to control any jobs of
   the members of the user group they administer. A user group
   administrator can also resume jobs stopped by the LSF
   administrator or queue administrator if the job belongs to a
   member of their user group.
.sp 2
   A user group administrator has privileges equivalent to those
   of a job owner. A user group administrator can control any job
   belonging to member users of the group they administer.
.sp 2
      \fBRestriction: \fR
.sp 2
         Unlike a job owner, a user group administrator cannot
         run brestart and bread -a \fIdata_file\fR.
.sp 2
   To manage security concerns, you cannot specify the keyword
   ALL for any user group administrators.
.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   (\fIuser_name\fR | \fIuser_group\fR ...)
.sp 2
   Specify the following, all enclosed in parentheses:
.sp 2
   \fIuser_name\fR | \fIuser_group \fR
.sp 2
   User and user group names, separated by spaces. User names
   must be valid login names. To specify a Windows user account,
   include the domain name in uppercase letters
   (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR).
.sp 2
   User group names can be LSF user groups defined previously in
   this section, or UNIX and Windows user groups. To specify a
   Windows user group, include the domain name in uppercase
   letters (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_group\fR).
.sp 2 .SH "Valid values"
\fBValid values\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         You can specify a user group as an administrator for
         another user group. In that case, all members of the
         first user group become administrators for the second
         user group.
.sp 2
     o  
         You can also specify that all users of a group are also
         administrators of that same group.
.sp 2
     o  
         Users can be administrators for more than one user group
         at the same time.
.sp 2
            \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
               When a user belongs to more than one group, any of
               the administrators specified for any of the groups
               the user belongs to can control that users’ jobs.
.sp 2 .SH "Restrictions"
\fBRestrictions\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         Wildcard and special characters are not supported (for
         example: *, !, $, #, &, ~)
.sp 2
     o  
         The reserved keywords ALL, others, default, allremote
         are not supported.
.sp 2
         User groups with members defined with the keyword ALL
         are also not allowed as a user group administrator.
.sp 2
     o  
         User groups and user groups administrator definitions
         cannot be recursive or create a loop.
.sp 2
\fBUSER_SHARES\fR
.sp 2
   Optional. Enables hierarchical fairshare and defines a share
   tree for users and user groups.
.sp 2
   By default, when resources are assigned collectively to a
   group, the group members compete for the resources according
   to FCFS scheduling. You can use hierarchical fairshare to
   further divide the shares among the group members.
.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   ([\fIuser\fR, \fInumber_shares\fR])
.sp 2
   Specify the arguments as follows:
.sp 2
     o  
         Enclose the list in parentheses, even if you do not
         specify any user share assignments.
.sp 2
     o  
         Enclose each user share assignment in square brackets,
         as shown.
.sp 2
     o  
         Separate the list of share assignments with a space.
.sp 2
     o  
         \fIuser\fR—Specify users or user groups. You can assign
         the shares to:
.sp 2
           o  
               A single user (specify \fIuser_name\fR). To
               specify a Windows user account, include the domain
               name in uppercase letters
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR).
.sp 2
           o  
               Users in a group, individually (specify
               \fIgroup_name\fR@) or collectively (specify
               \fIgroup_name\fR). To specify a Windows user
               group, include the domain name in uppercase
               letters (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIgroup_name\fR).
.sp 2
           o  
               Users not included in any other share assignment,
               individually (specify the keyword default@) or
               collectively (specify the keyword default).
.sp 2
            \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
               By default, when resources are assigned
               collectively to a group, the group members compete
               for the resources on a first-come, first-served
               (FCFS) basis. You can use hierarchical fairshare
               to further divide the shares among the group
               members. When resources are assigned to members of
               a group individually, the share assignment is
               recursive. Members of the group and of all
               subgroups always compete for the resources
               according to FCFS scheduling, regardless of
               hierarchical fairshare policies.
.sp 2
     o  
         \fInumber_shares\fR—Specify a positive integer
         representing the number of shares of the cluster
         resources assigned to the user. The number of shares
         assigned to each user is only meaningful when you
         compare it to the shares assigned to other users or to
         the total number of shares. The total number of shares
         is just the sum of all the shares assigned in each share
         assignment.
.sp 2
\fBUser section\fR
.sp 2
   Optional. If this section is not defined, all users and user
   groups can run an unlimited number of jobs in the cluster.
.sp 2
   This section defines the maximum number of jobs a user or user
   group can run concurrently in the cluster. This is to avoid
   situations in which a user occupies all or most of the system
   resources while other users’ jobs are waiting.
.sp 2 .SH "Structure"
\fBStructure\fR
.sp 2
   Three fields are mandatory: \fRUSER_NAME\fR, \fRMAX_JOBS\fR,
   \fRJL/P\fR.
.sp 2
   \fRMAX_PEND_JOBS\fR is optional.
.sp 2
   You must specify a dash (-) to indicate the default value
   (unlimited) if a user or user group is specified. Fields
   cannot be left blank.
.sp 2 .SH "Example of a User section"
\fBExample of a User section\fR
.sp 2
   Begin User 
.sp 2
   USER_NAME   MAX_JOBS   JL/P   MAX_PEND_JOBS 
.sp 2
   user1       10          -        1000 
.sp 2
   user2        4          -           - 
.sp 2
   user3        -          -           - 
.sp 2
   groupA      10          1      100000 
.sp 2
   groupA@      -          1         100 
.sp 2
   groupC       -          -         500 
.sp 2
   default      6          1          10 
.sp 2
   End User
.sp 2
\fBUSER_NAME\fR
.sp 2
   User or user group for which job slot limits are defined.
.sp 2
   Use the reserved user name default to specify a job slot limit
   that applies to each user and user group not explicitly named.
   Since the limit specified with the keyword default applies to
   user groups also, make sure you select a limit that is high
   enough, or explicitly define limits for user groups.
.sp 2
   User group names can be the LSF user groups defined
   previously, and/or UNIX and Windows user groups. To specify a
   Windows user account or user group, include the domain name in
   uppercase letters (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR or
   \fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_group\fR).
.sp 2
   Job slot limits apply to a group as a whole. Append the at
   sign (\fR@\fR) to a group name to make the job slot limits
   apply individually to each user in the group. If a group
   contains a subgroup, the job slot limit also applies to each
   member in the subgroup recursively.
.sp 2
   If the group contains the keyword all in the user list, the at
   sign (\fR@\fR) has no effect. To specify job slot limits for
   each user in a user group containing all, use the keyword
   default.
.sp 2
\fBMAX_JOBS\fR
.sp 2
   Per-user or per-group job slot limit for the cluster. Total
   number of job slots that each user or user group can use in
   the cluster.
.sp 2
      \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
         If a group contains the keyword all as a member, all
         users and user groups are included in the group. The
         per-group job slot limit set for the group applies to
         the group as a whole, limiting the entire cluster even
         when \fBENFORCE_ONE_UG_LIMIT\fR is set in lsb.params.
.sp 2
\fBJL/P\fR
.sp 2
   Per processor job slot limit per user or user group.
.sp 2
   Total number of job slots that each user or user group can use
   per processor. This job slot limit is configured per processor
   so that multiprocessor hosts will automatically run more jobs.
.sp 2
   This number can be a fraction such as 0.5, so that it can also
   serve as a per-host limit. This number is rounded up to the
   nearest integer equal to or greater than the total job slot
   limits for a host. For example, if \fRJL/P\fR is 0.5, on a
   4-CPU multiprocessor host, the user can only use up to 2 job
   slots at any time. On a uniprocessor machine, the user can use
   1 job slot.
.sp 2
\fBMAX_PEND_JOBS\fR
.sp 2
   Per-user or per-group pending job limit. This is the total
   number of pending job slots that each user or user group can
   have in the system. If a user is a member of multiple user
   groups, the user’s pending jobs are counted towards the
   pending job limits of all groups from which the user has
   membership.
.sp 2
   If \fBENFORCE_ONE_UG_LIMITS\fR is set to Y in lsb.params and
   you submit a job while specifying a user group, only the
   limits for that user group (or any parent user group) apply to
   the job even if there are overlapping user group members.
.sp 2
\fBUserMap section\fR
.sp 2
   Optional. Used only in a MultiCluster environment with a
   non-uniform user name space. Defines system-level
   cross-cluster account mapping for users and user groups, which
   allows users to submit a job from a local host and run the job
   as a different user on a remote host. Both the local and
   remote clusters must have corresponding user account mappings
   configured.
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Structure"
\fBStructure\fR
.sp 2
   The following three fields are all required:
.sp 2
     o  
         LOCAL
.sp 2
     o  
         REMOTE
.sp 2
     o  
         DIRECTION
.sp 2
   \fBLOCAL\fR
.br
               A list of users or user groups in the local
               cluster. To specify a Windows user account or user
               group, include the domain name in uppercase
               letters (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR or
               \fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_group\fR). Separate
               multiple user names by a space and enclose the
               list in parentheses ( ):
.sp 2
               (user4 user6)
.sp 2
   \fBREMOTE\fR
.br
               A list of remote users or user groups in the form
               \fIuser_name@cluster_name\fR or
               \fIuser_group@cluster_name\fR. To specify a
               Windows user account or user group, include the
               domain name in uppercase letters
               (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name@cluster_name\fR
               or
               \fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_group@cluster_name\fR).
               Separate multiple user names by a space and
               enclose the list in parentheses ( ):
.sp 2
               (user4@cluster2 user6@cluster2)
.sp 2
   \fBDIRECTION\fR
.br
               Specifies whether the user account runs jobs
               locally or remotely. Both directions must be
               configured on the local and remote clusters.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The export keyword configures local
                     users/groups to run jobs as remote
                     users/groups.
.sp 2
                 o  
                     The import keyword configures remote
                     users/groups to run jobs as local
                     users/groups.
.sp 2 .SH "Example of a UserMap section"
\fBExample of a UserMap section\fR
.sp 2
   On cluster1:
.sp 2
   Begin UserMap 
.sp 2
   LOCAL    REMOTE                             DIRECTION 
.sp 2
   user1    user2@cluster2                     export 
.sp 2
   user3    user6@cluster2    export 
.sp 2
   End UserMap
.sp 2
   On cluster2:
.sp 2
   Begin UserMap 
.sp 2
   LOCAL    REMOTE                             DIRECTION 
.sp 2
   user2    user1@cluster1                     import 
.sp 2
   user6    user3@cluster1                     import 
.sp 2
   End UserMap
.sp 2
   Cluster1 configures user1 to run jobs as user2 and user3 to
   run jobs as user6.
.sp 2
   Cluster2 configures user1 to run jobs as user2 and user3 to
   run jobs as user6.
.sp 2
\fBAutomatic time-based configuration\fR
.sp 2
   Variable configuration is used to automatically change LSF
   configuration based on time windows. You define automatic
   configuration changes in lsb.users by using if-else constructs
   and time expressions. After you change the files, reconfigure
   the cluster with the badmin reconfig command.
.sp 2
   The expressions are evaluated by LSF every 10 minutes based on
   mbatchd start time. When an expression evaluates true, LSF
   dynamically changes the configuration based on the associated
   configuration statements. Reconfiguration is done in real time
   without restarting mbatchd, providing continuous system
   availability.
.sp 2
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   From 12 - 1 p.m. daily, user \fRsmith\fR has 10 job slots, but
   during other hours, user has only 5 job slots.
.sp 2
   Begin User
.sp 2
   USER_NAME  MAX_JOBS  JL/P
.sp 2
   #if time (12-13)
.sp 2
   smith      10         -
.sp 2
   #else
.sp 2
   smith       5         -
.sp 2
   default     1         -
.sp 2
   #endif
.sp 2
   End User
