
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsb.modules 5 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsb.modules\fR
.sp 2
   The lsb.modules file contains configuration information for
   LSF scheduler and resource broker modules. The file contains
   only one section, named PluginModule.
.sp 2
   This file is optional. If no scheduler or resource broker
   modules are configured, LSF uses the default scheduler plugin
   modules named schmod_default and schmod_fcfs.
.sp 2
   The lsb.modules file is stored in the directory
   LSB_CONFDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR/configdir, where LSB_CONFDIR is
   defined in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
\fBChanging lsb.modules configuration\fR
.sp 2
   After making any changes to lsb.modules, run badmin reconfig
   to reconfigure mbatchd.
.sp 2
\fBPluginModule section\fR
.sp 2
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Defines the plugin modules for the LSF scheduler and LSF
   resource broker. If this section is not configured, LSF uses
   the default scheduler plugin modules named schmod_default and
   schmod_fcfs, which enable the LSF default scheduling features.
.sp 2
\fBExample PluginModule section\fR
.sp 2
   The following PluginModule section enables all scheduling
   policies provided by LSF:
.sp 2
   Begin PluginModule 
.sp 2
   SCH_PLUGIN              RB_PLUGIN           SCH_DISABLE_PHASES
.sp 2
   schmod_default               ()                      () 
.sp 2
   schmod_fairshare             ()                      () 
.sp 2
   schmod_fcfs                  ()                      () 
.sp 2
   schmod_limit                 ()                      () 
.sp 2
   schmod_parallel              ()                      () 
.sp 2
   schmod_reserve               ()                      () 
.sp 2
   schmod_preemption            ()                      ()
.sp 2
   schmod_advrsv                ()                      () 
.sp 2
   schmod_mc                    ()                      () 
.sp 2
   schmod_jobweight             ()                      () 
.sp 2
   schmod_cpuset                ()                      () 
.sp 2
   schmod_pset                  ()                      ()
.sp 2
   schmod_ps                    ()                      () 
.sp 2
   schmod_aps                   ()                      () 
.sp 2
   End PluginModule
.sp 2
\fBPluginModule section structure\fR
.sp 2
   The first line consists of the following keywords:
.sp 2
     o  
         SCH_PLUGIN
.sp 2
     o  
         RB_PLUGIN
.sp 2
     o  
         SCH_DISABLE_PHASES
.sp 2
   They identify the scheduler plugins, resource broker plugins,
   and the scheduler phase to be disabled for the plugins that
   you wish to configure.
.sp 2
   Each subsequent line describes the configuration information
   for one scheduler plugin module, resource broker plugin
   module, and scheduler phase, if any, to be disabled for the
   plugin. Each line must contain one entry for each keyword. Use
   empty parentheses ( ) or a dash (-) to specify the default
   value for an entry.
.sp 2
\fBSCH_PLUGIN\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Required. The SCH_PLUGIN column specifies the shared module
   name for the LSF scheduler plugin. Each plugin requires a
   corresponding license. Scheduler plugins are called in the
   order they are listed in the PluginModule section.
.sp 2
   By default, all shared modules for scheduler plugins are
   located in LSF_LIBDIR. On UNIX, you can also specify a full
   path to the name of the scheduler plugin.
.sp 2
   The following modules are supplied with LSF:
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_default"
\fBschmod_default\fR
.sp 2
   Enables the default LSF scheduler features.
.sp 2
   Licensed by: LSF_Manager
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_fcfs"
\fBschmod_fcfs\fR
.sp 2
   Enables the first-come, first-served (FCFS) scheduler
   features. schmod_fcfs can appear anywhere in the SCH_PLUGIN
   list. By default, if schmod_fcfs is not configured in
   lsb.modules, it is loaded automatically along with
   schmod_default.
.sp 2
   Source code (sch.mod.fcfs.c) for the schmod_fcfs scheduler
   plugin module is installed in the directory
.sp 2
   LSF_TOP/7.0/misc/examples/external_plugin/
.sp 2
   Use the LSF scheduler plugin SDK to modify the FCFS scheduler
   module code to suit the job scheduling requirements of your
   site.
.sp 2
   See Platform LSF Programmer’s Guide for more detailed
   information about writing, building, and configuring your own
   custom scheduler plugins.
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_fairshare"
\fBschmod_fairshare\fR
.sp 2
   Enables the LSF fairshare scheduling features.
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_limit"
\fBschmod_limit\fR
.sp 2
   Enables the LSF resource allocation limit features.
.sp 2
   Licensed by: LSF_Manager
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_parallel"
\fBschmod_parallel\fR
.sp 2
   Enables scheduling of parallel jobs submitted with bsub -n.
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_reserve"
\fBschmod_reserve\fR
.sp 2
   Enables the LSF resource reservation features.
.sp 2
   To enable processor reservation, backfill, and memory
   reservation for parallel jobs, you must configure both
   schmod_parallel and schmod_reserve in lsb.modules. If only
   schmod_reserve is configured, backfill and memory reservation
   are enabled only for sequential jobs, and processor
   reservation is not enabled.
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_preemption"
\fBschmod_preemption\fR
.sp 2
   Enables the LSF preemption scheduler features.
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_advrsv"
\fBschmod_advrsv\fR
.sp 2
   Handles jobs that use advance reservations (brsvadd, brsvs,
   brsvdel, bsub -U)
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_cpuset"
\fBschmod_cpuset\fR
.sp 2
   Handles jobs that use IRIX cpusets (bsub -ext[sched]
   "CPUSET[\fIcpuset_options\fR]")
.sp 2
   The schmod_cpuset plugin name must be configured after the
   standard LSF plugin names in the PluginModule list.
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_mc"
\fBschmod_mc\fR
.sp 2
   Enables MultiCluster job forwarding
.sp 2
   Licensed by: LSF_MultiCluster
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_ps"
\fBschmod_ps\fR
.sp 2
   Enables resource ownership functionality of EGO-enabled SLA
   scheduling policies
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_pset"
\fBschmod_pset\fR
.sp 2
   Enables scheduling policies required for jobs that use HP-UX
   processor sets (pset) allocations (bsub -ext[sched]
   "PSET[\fItopology\fR]")
.sp 2
   The schmod_pset plugin name must be configured after the
   standard LSF plugin names in the PluginModule list.
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_aps"
\fBschmod_aps\fR
.sp 2
   Enables absolute priority scheduling (APS) policies configured
   by APS_PRIORITY in lsb.queues.
.sp 2
   The schmod_aps plugin name must be configured after the
   schmod_fairshare plugin name in the PluginModule list, so that
   the APS value can override the fairshare job ordering
   decision.
.sp 2
   Licensed by: LSF_HPC
.sp 2 .SH "schmod_jobweight"
\fBschmod_jobweight\fR
.sp 2
   An optional scheduler plugin module to enable Cross-Queue Job
   Weight scheduling policies. The schmod_jobweight plugin must
   be listed before schmod_cpuset and schmod_rms, and after all
   other scheduler plugin modules.
.sp 2
   You should not use job weight scheduling together with
   fairshare scheduling or job preemption. To avoid scheduling
   conflicts, you should comment out schmod_fairshare and
   schmod_preemption in lsb.modules.
.sp 2 .SH "Scheduler plugin SDK"
\fBScheduler plugin SDK\fR
.sp 2
   Use the LSF scheduler plugin SDK to write customized scheduler
   modules that give you more flexibility and control over job
   scheduling. Enable your custom scheduling policies by
   configuring your modules under SCH_PLUGIN in the PluginModules
   section of lsb.modules.
.sp 2
   The directory
.sp 2
   LSF_TOP/7.0/misc/examples/external_plugin/
.sp 2
   contains sample plugin code. See Platform LSF Programmer’s
   Guide for more detailed information about writing, building,
   and configuring your own custom scheduler plugins.
.sp 2
\fBRB_PLUGIN\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   RB_PLUGIN specifies the shared module name for resource broker
   plugins. Resource broker plugins collect and update job
   resource accounting information, and provide it to the
   scheduler.
.sp 2
   Normally, for each scheduler plugin module, there is a
   corresponding resource broker plugin module to support it.
   However, the resource broker also supports multiple plugin
   modules for one scheduler plugin module.
.sp 2
   For example, a fairshare policy may need more than one
   resource broker plugin module to support it if the policy has
   multiple configurations.
.sp 2
   A scheduler plugin can have one, multiple, or none RB plugins
   corresponding to it.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   NAME                 RB_PLUGIN 
.sp 2
   schmod_default      () 
.sp 2
   schmod_fairshare    (rb_fairshare) 
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Undefined
.sp 2
\fBSCH_DISABLE_PHASES\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   SCH_DISABLE_PHASES specifies which scheduler phases, if any,
   to be disabled for the plugin. LSF scheduling has four phases:
.sp 2
   1. 
         Preprocessing — the scheduler checks the readiness of
         the job for scheduling and prepares a list of ready
         resource seekers. It also checks the start time of a
         job, and evaluates any job dependencies.
.sp 2
   2. 
         Match/limit — the scheduler evaluates the job resource
         requirements and prepares candidate hosts for jobs by
         matching jobs with resources. It also applies resource
         allocation limits. Jobs with all required resources
         matched go on to order/allocation phase. Not all jobs
         are mapped to all potential available resources. Jobs
         without any matching resources will not go through the
         Order/Allocation Phase but can go through the
         Post-processing phase, where preemption may be applied
         to get resources the job needs to run.
.sp 2
   3. 
         Order/allocation — the scheduler sorts jobs with matched
         resources and allocates resources for each job,
         assigning job slot, memory, and other resources to the
         job. It also checks if the allocation satisfies all
         constraints defined in configuration, such as queue slot
         limit, deadline for the job, etc.
.sp 2
         3.a. 
                 In the order phase, the scheduler applies
                 policies such as FCFS, Fairshare and
                 Host-partition and consider job priorities
                 within user groups and share groups. By default,
                 job priority within a pool of jobs from the same
                 user is based on how long the job has been
                 pending.
.sp 2
         3.b. 
                 For resource intensive jobs (jobs requiring a
                 lot of CPUs or a large amount of memory),
                 resource reservation is performed so that these
                 jobs are not starved.
.sp 2
         3.c. 
                 When all the currently available resources are
                 allocated, jobs go on to post-processing.
.sp 2
   4. 
         Post-processing — the scheduler prepares jobs from the
         order/allocation phase for dispatch and applies
         preemption or backfill policies to obtain resources for
         the jobs that have completed pre-processing or
         match/limit phases, but did not have resources available
         to enter the next scheduling phase.
.sp 2
   Each scheduler plugin module invokes one or more scheduler
   phase. The processing for a give phase can be disabled or
   skipped if:
.sp 2
   The plugin module does not need to do any processing for that
   phase or the processing has already been done by a previous
   plugin module in the list.
.sp 2
   The scheduler will not invoke phases marked by
   SCH_DISABLE_PHASES when scheduling jobs.
.sp 2
   None of the plugins provided by LSF should require phases to
   be disabled, but your own custom plugin modules using the
   scheduler SDK may need to disable one or more scheduler
   phases.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   In the following configuration, the \fRschmod_custom\fR plugin
   module disables the order allocation (3) and post-processing
   (4) phases:
.sp 2
   NAME             SCH_DISABLE_PHASES 
.sp 2
   schmod_default   ()                
.sp 2
   schmod_custom    (3,4)              
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Undefined
