
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsf.task 5 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsf.task\fR
.sp 2
   Users should not have to specify a resource requirement each
   time they submit a job. LSF supports the concept of a task
   list. This chapter describes the files used to configure task
   lists: lsf.task, lsf.task.cluster_name, and .lsftask.
.sp 2 .SH "Changing task list configuration"
\fBChanging task list configuration\fR
.sp 2
   After making any changes to the task list files, run the
   following commands:
.sp 2
     o  
         lsadmin reconfig to reconfigure LIM
.sp 2
     o  
         badmin reconfig to reload the configuration files
.sp 2 .SH "About task lists"
\fBAbout task lists\fR
.sp 2
   A task list is a list in LSF that keeps track of the default
   resource requirements for different applications and task
   eligibility for remote execution.
.sp 2
   The term task refers to an application name. With a task list
   defined, LSF automatically supplies the resource requirement
   of the job whenever users submit a job unless one is
   explicitly specified at job submission.
.sp 2
   LSF takes the job's command name as the task name and uses
   that name to find the matching resource requirement for the
   job from the task list. If a task does not have an entry in
   the task list, LSF assumes the default resource requirement;
   that is, a host that has the same host type as the submission
   host will be chosen to run the job.
.sp 2
   An application listed in a task file is considered for load
   sharing by its placement in either the local tasks or remote
   tasks list.
.sp 2
     o  
         A local task is typically an application or command that
         it does not make sense to run remotely such as ls.
.sp 2
     o  
         A remote task is an application or command that can be
         run on another machine in the LSF cluster. The compress
         command is an example of a remote task.
.sp 2
   Some applications require resources other than the default.
   LSF can store resource requirements for specific applications
   in remote task list files, so that LSF automatically chooses
   candidate hosts that have the correct resources available.
.sp 2
   For frequently used commands and software packages, the LSF
   administrator can set up cluster–wide resource requirements
   that apply to all users in the cluster.
.sp 2
   Users can modify and add to these requirements by setting up
   additional resource requirements that apply only to their own
   jobs.
.sp 2 .SH "Cluster-wide resource requirements"
\fBCluster-wide resource requirements\fR
.sp 2
   The resource requirements of applications are stored in the
   remote task list file.
.sp 2
   LSF automatically picks up a job’s default resource
   requirement string from the remote task list files, unless you
   explicitly override the default by specifying the resource
   requirement string on the command line.
.sp 2 .SH "User-level resource requirements"
\fBUser-level resource requirements\fR
.sp 2
   You may have applications that you need to control yourself.
   Perhaps your administrator did not set them up for load
   sharing for all users, or you need a non-standard setup. You
   can use LSF commands to find out resource names available in
   your system, and tell LSF about the needs of your
   applications. LSF stores the resource requirements for you
   from then on.
.sp 2
   You can specify resource requirements when tasks are added to
   the user's remote task list. If the task to be added is
   already in the list, its resource requirements are replaced.
.sp 2
   \fRlsrtasks + myjob/swap>=100 && cpu\fR
.sp 2
   This adds \fRmyjob\fR to the remote tasks list with its
   resource requirements.
.sp 2
\fBTask files\fR
.sp 2
   There are 3 task list files that can affect a job:
.sp 2
     o  
         lsf.task — system-wide defaults apply to all LSF users,
         even across multiple clusters if MultiCluster is
         installed
.sp 2
     o  
         lsf.task.\fIcluster_name\fR — cluster-wide defaults
         apply to all users in the cluster
.sp 2
     o  
         $HOME/.lsftask — user-level defaults apply to a single
         user. This file lists applications to be added to or
         removed from the default system lists for your jobs.
         Resource requirements specified in this file override
         those in the system lists.
.sp 2
   The clusterwide task file is used to augment the systemwide
   file. The user’s task file is used to augment the systemwide
   and clusterwide task files.
.sp 2
   LSF combines the systemwide, clusterwide, and user-specific
   task lists for each user's view of the task list. In cases of
   conflicts, such as different resource requirements specified
   for the same task in different lists, the clusterwide list
   overrides the systemwide list, and the user-specific list
   overrides both.
.sp 2 .SH "LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task"
\fBLSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task\fR
.sp 2
   Systemwide task list applies to all clusters and all users.
.sp 2
   This file is used in a MultiCluster environment.
.sp 2 .SH "LSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task.\fIcluster_name\fR\fIcluster_name\fR"
\fBLSF_CONFDIR/lsf.task.\fIcluster_name\fB\fIcluster_name\fB\fR
.sp 2
   Clusterwide task list applies to all users in the same
   cluster.
.sp 2 .SH "$HOME/.lsftask"
\fB$HOME/.lsftask\fR
.sp 2
   User task list, one per user, applies only to the specific
   user. This file is automatically created in the user’s home
   directory whenever a user first updates his task lists using
   the lsrtasks or lsltasks commands. For details about task
   eligibility lists, see the \fRls_task\fR(3) API reference man
   page.
.sp 2 .SH "Permissions"
\fBPermissions\fR
.sp 2
   Only the LSF administrator can modify the systemwide task list
   (lsf.task) and the clusterwide task list
   (lsf.task.c\fIluster_name\fR).
.sp 2
   A user can modify his own task list(.lsftask) with the
   lsrtasks and lsltasks commands.
.sp 2

.sp 2
\fBFormat of task files\fR
.sp 2
   Each file consists of two sections, \fRLocalTasks\fR and
   \fRRemoteTasks\fR. For example:
.sp 2
   Begin LocalTasks 
.sp 2
   ps
.sp 2
   hostname 
.sp 2
   uname 
.sp 2
   crontab 
.sp 2
   End LocalTasks
.sp 2
   Begin RemoteTasks
.sp 2
   + "newjob/mem>25" 
.sp 2
   + "verilog/select[type==any && swp>100]" 
.sp 2
   make/cpu 
.sp 2
   nroff/- 
.sp 2
   End RemoteTasks
.sp 2
   Tasks are listed one per line. Each line in a section consists
   of a task name, and, for the \fRRemoteTasks\fR section, an
   optional resource requirement string separated by a slash (/).
.sp 2
   A plus sign (+) or a minus sign (-) can optionally precede
   each entry. If no \fR+\fR or \fR-\fR is specified, \fR+\fR is
   assumed.
.sp 2
   A \fR+\fR before a task name means adding a new entry (if
   non-existent) or replacing an entry (if already existent) in
   the task list. A\fR -\fR before a task name means removing an
   entry from the application's task lists if it was already
   created by reading higher level task files.
.sp 2 .SH "LocalTasks section"
\fBLocalTasks section\fR
.sp 2
   The section starts with \fRBegin LocalTasks\fR and ends with
   \fREnd LocalTasks\fR.
.sp 2
   This section lists tasks that are not eligible for remote
   execution, either because they are trivial tasks or because
   they need resources on the local host.
.sp 2 .SH "RemoteTasks section"
\fBRemoteTasks section\fR
.sp 2
   The section starts with \fRBegin RemoteTasks\fR and ends with
   \fREnd RemoteTasks\fR.
.sp 2
   This section lists tasks that are eligible for remote
   execution. You can associate resource requirements with each
   task name.
.sp 2
   See Administering Platform LSF for information about resource
   requirement strings. If the resource requirement string is not
   specified for a remote task, the default is
   \fR"select[type==local] order[r15s:pg]"\fR.
