
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsf.acct 5 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsf.acct\fR
.sp 2
   The lsf.acct file is the LSF task log file.
.sp 2
   The LSF Remote Execution Server, RES (see res(8)), generates a
   record for each task completion or failure. If the RES task
   logging is turned on (see lsadmin(8)), it appends the record
   to the task log file lsf.acct.<\fIhost_name\fR>.
.sp 2 .SH "lsf.acct structure"
\fBlsf.acct structure\fR
.sp 2
   The task log file is an ASCII file with one task record per
   line. The fields of each record are separated by blanks. The
   location of the file is determined by the LSF_RES_ACCTDIR
   variable defined in lsf.conf. If this variable is not defined,
   or the RES cannot access the log directory, the log file is
   created in /tmp instead.
.sp 2 .SH "Fields"
\fBFields\fR
.sp 2
   The fields in a task record are ordered in the following
   sequence:
.sp 2
   \fBpid (%d)\fR
.br
               Process ID for the remote task
.sp 2
   \fBuserName (%s)\fR
.br
               User name of the submitter
.sp 2
   \fBexitStatus (%d)\fR
.br
               Task exit status
.sp 2
   \fBdispTime (%ld)\fR
.br
               Dispatch time – time at which the task was
               dispatched for execution
.sp 2
   \fBtermTime (%ld)\fR
.br
               Completion time – time when task is
               completed/failed
.sp 2
   \fBfromHost (%s)\fR
.br
               Submission host name
.sp 2
   \fBexecHost (%s)\fR
.br
               Execution host name
.sp 2
   \fBcwd (%s)\fR
.br
               Current working directory
.sp 2
   \fBcmdln (%s)\fR
.br
               Command line of the task
.sp 2
   \fBlsfRusage\fR
.br
               The following fields contain resource usage
               information for the job (see getrusage(2)). If the
               value of some field is unavailable (due to job
               exit or the difference among the operating
               systems), -1 will be logged. Times are measured in
               seconds, and sizes are measured in KB.
.sp 2
               \fBru_utime (%f)\fR
.br
                           User time used
.sp 2
               \fBru_stime (%f)\fR
.br
                           System time used
.sp 2
               \fBru_maxrss (%f)\fR
.br
                           Maximum shared text size
.sp 2
               \fBru_ixrss (%f)\fR
.br
                           Integral of the shared text size over
                           time (in KB seconds)
.sp 2
               \fBru_ismrss (%f)\fR
.br
                           Integral of the shared memory size
                           over time (valid only on Ultrix)
.sp 2
               \fBru_idrss (%f)\fR
.br
                           Integral of the unshared data size
                           over time
.sp 2
               \fBru_isrss (%f)\fR
.br
                           Integral of the unshared stack size
                           over time
.sp 2
               \fBru_minflt (%f)\fR
.br
                           Number of page reclaims
.sp 2
               \fBru_majflt (%f)\fR
.br
                           Number of page faults
.sp 2
               \fBru_nswap (%f)\fR
.br
                           Number of times the process was
                           swapped out
.sp 2
               \fBru_inblock (%f)\fR
.br
                           Number of block input operations
.sp 2
               \fBru_oublock (%f)\fR
.br
                           Number of block output operations
.sp 2
               \fBru_ioch (%f)\fR
.br
                           Number of characters read and written
                           (valid only on HP-UX)
.sp 2
               \fBru_msgsnd (%f)\fR
.br
                           Number of System V IPC messages sent
.sp 2
               \fBru_msgrcv (%f)\fR
.br
                           Number of messages received
.sp 2
               \fBru_nsignals (%f)\fR
.br
                           Number of signals received
.sp 2
               \fBru_nvcsw (%f)\fR
.br
                           Number of voluntary context switches
.sp 2
               \fBru_nivcsw (%f)\fR
.br
                           Number of involuntary context switches
.sp 2
               \fBru_exutime (%f)\fR
.br
                           Exact user time used (valid only on
                           ConvexOS)
