
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH lsf.cluster 5 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBlsf.cluster\fR
.sp 2
\fBContents\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         About lsf.cluster
.sp 2
     o  
         Parameters section
.sp 2
     o  
         ClusterAdmins section
.sp 2
     o  
         Host section
.sp 2
     o  
         ResourceMap section
.sp 2
     o  
         RemoteClusters section
.sp 2 .SH "About lsf.cluster"
\fBAbout lsf.cluster\fR
.sp 2
   This is the cluster configuration file. There is one for each
   cluster, called lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR. The
   \fIcluster_name\fR suffix is the name of the cluster defined
   in the Cluster section of lsf.shared. All LSF hosts are listed
   in this file, along with the list of LSF administrators and
   the installed LSF features.
.sp 2
   The lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR file contains two types of
   configuration information:
.sp 2
     o  
         Cluster definition information — affects all LSF
         applications. Defines cluster administrators, hosts that
         make up the cluster, attributes of each individual host
         such as host type or host model, and resources using the
         names defined in lsf.shared.
.sp 2
     o  
         LIM policy information — affects applications that rely
         on LIM job placement policy. Defines load sharing and
         job placement policies provided by LIM.
.sp 2 .SH "Changing lsf.cluster configuration"
\fBChanging lsf.cluster configuration\fR
.sp 2
   After making any changes to lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR,
   run the following commands:
.sp 2
     o  
         lsadmin reconfig to reconfigure LIM
.sp 2
     o  
         badmin mbdrestart to restart mbatchd
.sp 2 .SH "Location"
\fBLocation\fR
.sp 2
   This file is typically installed in the directory defined by
   LSF_ENVDIR.
.sp 2 .SH "Structure"
\fBStructure\fR
.sp 2
   The lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR file contains the following
   configuration sections:
.sp 2
     o  
         Parameters section
.sp 2
     o  
         ClusterAdmins section
.sp 2
     o  
         Host section
.sp 2
     o  
         ResourceMap section
.sp 2
     o  
         RemoteClusters section
.sp 2 .SH "Parameters"
\fBParameters\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         ADJUST_DURATION
.sp 2
     o  
         ELIM_POLL_INTERVAL
.sp 2
     o  
         ELIMARGS
.sp 2
     o  
         EXINTERVAL
.sp 2
     o  
         FLOAT_CLIENTS
.sp 2
     o  
         FLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE
.sp 2
     o  
         HOST_INACTIVITY_LIMIT
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_ELIM_DEBUG
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_ELIM_RESTARTS
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE
.sp 2
     o  
         MASTER_INACTIVITY_LIMIT
.sp 2
     o  
         PROBE_TIMEOUT
.sp 2
     o  
         PRODUCTS
.sp 2
     o  
         RETRY_LIMIT
.sp 2

.sp 2
\fBADJUST_DURATION\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   ADJUST_DURATION=\fIinteger\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Integer reflecting a multiple of EXINTERVAL that controls the
   time period during which load adjustment is in effect
.sp 2
   The lsplace(1) and lsloadadj(1) commands artificially raise
   the load on a selected host. This increase in load decays
   linearly to 0 over time.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   3
.sp 2
\fBELIM_POLL_INTERVAL\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   ELIM_POLL_INTERVAL=\fIseconds\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Time interval, in seconds, that the LIM samples external load
   index information. If your elim executable is programmed to
   report values more frequently than every 5 seconds, set the
   ELIM_POLL_INTERVAL so that it samples information at a
   corresponding rate.
.sp 2 .SH "Valid values"
\fBValid values\fR
.sp 2
   0.001 to 5
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   5 seconds
.sp 2
\fBELIMARGS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   ELIMARGS=\fIcmd_line_args\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Specifies command-line arguments required by an elim
   executable on startup. Used only when the external load
   indices feature is enabled.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Undefined
.sp 2
\fBEXINTERVAL\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   EXINTERVAL=\fItime_in_seconds\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Time interval, in seconds, at which the LIM daemons exchange
   load information
.sp 2
   On extremely busy hosts or networks, or in clusters with a
   large number of hosts, load may interfere with the periodic
   communication between LIM daemons. Setting EXINTERVAL to a
   longer interval can reduce network load and slightly improve
   reliability, at the cost of slower reaction to dynamic load
   changes.
.sp 2
   Note that if you define the time interval as less than 5
   seconds, LSF automatically resets it to 5 seconds.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   15 seconds
.sp 2
\fBFLOAT_CLIENTS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   FLOAT_CLIENTS=\fInumber_of_floating_client_licenses\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Sets the size of your license pool in the cluster
.sp 2
   When the master LIM starts, up to
   \fInumber_of_floating_client_licenses\fR will be checked out
   for use as floating client licenses. If fewer licenses are
   available than specified by
   \fInumber_of_floating_client_licenses\fR, only the available
   licenses will be checked out and used.
.sp 2
   If FLOAT_CLIENTS is not specified in
   lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR or there is an error in either
   license.dat or in lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR, the floating
   LSF client license feature is disabled.
.sp 2
      \fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
         When the LSF floating client feature is enabled, any
         host can submit jobs to the cluster. You can limit which
         hosts can be LSF floating clients with the parameter
         FLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE in lsf.cluster.cluster_name.
.sp 2 .SH "LSF Floating Client"
\fBLSF Floating Client\fR
.sp 2
   Although an LSF Floating Client requires a license,
   LSF_Float_Client does not need to be added to the PRODUCTS
   line. LSF_Float_Client also cannot be added as a resource for
   specific hosts already defined in lsf.cluster.cluster_name.
   Should these lines be present, they are ignored by LSF.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Undefined
.sp 2
\fBFLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE \fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   FLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE=\fIIP_address\fR ...
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Optional. IP address or range of addresses of domains from
   which floating client hosts can submit requests. Multiple
   ranges can be defined, separated by spaces. The IP address can
   have either a dotted quad notation (IPv4) or IP Next
   Generation (IPv6) format. LSF supports both formats; you do
   not have to map IPv4 addresses to an IPv6 format.
.sp 2
      \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
         To use IPv6 addresses, you must define the parameter
         LSF_ENABLE_SUPPORT_IPV6 in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   If the value of FLOAT_CLIENT_ADDR_RANGE is undefined, there is
   no security and any hosts can be LSF floating clients.
.sp 2
   If a value is defined, security is enabled. If there is an
   error in the configuration of this variable, by default, no
   hosts will be allowed to be LSF floating clients.
.sp 2
   When this parameter is defined, client hosts that do not
   belong to the domain will be denied access.
.sp 2
   If a requesting host belongs to an IP address that falls in
   the specified range, the host will be accepted to become a
   floating client.
.sp 2
   IP addresses are separated by spaces, and considered "OR"
   alternatives.
.sp 2
   If you define FLOAT_CLIENT_ADDR_RANGE with:
.sp 2
     o  
         No range specified, all IPv4 and IPv6 clients can submit
         requests.
.sp 2
     o  
         Only an IPv4 range specified, only IPv4 clients within
         the range can submit requests.
.sp 2
     o  
         Only an IPv6 range specified, only IPv6 clients within
         the range can submit requests.
.sp 2
     o  
         Both an IPv6 and IPv4 range specified, IPv6 and IPv4
         clients within the ranges can submit requests.
.sp 2
   The asterisk (*) character indicates any value is allowed.
.sp 2
   The dash (-) character indicates an explicit range of values.
   For example 1-4 indicates 1,2,3,4 are allowed.
.sp 2
   Open ranges such as *-30, or 10-*, are allowed.
.sp 2
   If a range is specified with fewer fields than an IP address
   such as 10.161, it is considered as 10.161.*.*.
.sp 2
   Address ranges are validated at configuration time so they
   must conform to the required format. If any address range is
   not in the correct format, no hosts will be accepted as LSF
   floating clients, and an error message will be logged in the
   LIM log.
.sp 2
   This parameter is limited to 2048 characters.
.sp 2
   For IPv6 addresses, the double colon symbol (::) indicates
   multiple groups of 16-bits of zeros. You can also use (::) to
   compress leading and trailing zeros in an address filter, as
   shown in the following example:
.sp 2
   \fRFLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE=1080::8:800:20fc:*\fR
.sp 2
   This definition allows hosts with addresses
   1080:0:0:0:8:800:20fc:* (three leading zeros).
.sp 2
   You cannot use the double colon (::) more than once within an
   IP address. You cannot use a zero before or after (::). For
   example, 1080:0::8:800:20fc:* is not a valid address.
.sp 2 .SH "Notes"
\fBNotes\fR
.sp 2
   After you configure FLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE, check the
   lim.log.\fIhost_name\fR file to make sure this parameter is
   correctly set. If this parameter is not set or is wrong, this
   will be indicated in the log file.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   \fRFLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE=100\fR
.sp 2
   All IPv4 and IPv6 hosts with a domain address starting with
   100 will be allowed access.
.sp 2
     o  
         To specify only IPv4 hosts, set the value to \fR100.*\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         To specify only IPv6 hosts, set the value to \fR100:*\fR
.sp 2
   \fRFLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE=100-110.34.1-10.4-56\fR
.sp 2
   All client hosts belonging to a domain with an address having
   the first number between 100 and 110, then 34, then a number
   between 1 and 10, then, a number between 4 and 56 will be
   allowed access. Example: 100.34.9.45, 100.34.1.4, 102.34.3.20,
   etc. No IPv6 hosts are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRFLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE=100.172.1.13 100.*.30-54
   124.24-*.1.*-34\fR
.sp 2
   All client hosts belonging to a domain with the address
   100.172.1.13 will be allowed access. All client hosts
   belonging to domains starting with 100, then any number, then
   a range of 30 to 54 will be allowed access. All client hosts
   belonging to domains starting with 124, then from 24 onward,
   then 1, then from 0 to 34 will be allowed access. No IPv6
   hosts are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRFLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE=12.23.45.*\fR
.sp 2
   All client hosts belonging to domains starting with 12.23.45
   are allowed. No IPv6 hosts are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRFLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE=100.*43\fR
.sp 2
   The \fR*\fR character can only be used to indicate any value.
   In this example, an error will be inserted in the LIM log and
   no hosts will be accepted to become LSF floating clients. No
   IPv6 hosts are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRFLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE=100.*43 100.172.1.13\fR
.sp 2
   Although one correct address range is specified, because *43
   is not correct format, the entire line is considered not
   valid. An error will be inserted in the LIM log and no hosts
   will be accepted to become LSF floating clients. No IPv6 hosts
   are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRFLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE = 3ffe\fR
.sp 2
   All client IPv6 hosts with a domain address starting with 3ffe
   will be allowed access. No IPv4 hosts are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRFLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE = 3ffe:fffe::88bb:*\fR
.sp 2
   Expands to 3ffe:fffe:0:0:0:0:88bb:*. All IPv6 client hosts
   belonging to domains starting with 3ffe:fffe::88bb:* are
   allowed. No IPv4 hosts are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRFLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE = 3ffe-4fff:fffe::88bb:aa-ff
   12.23.45.*\fR
.sp 2
   All IPv6 client hosts belonging to domains starting with 3ffe
   up to 4fff, then fffe::88bb, and ending with aa up to ff are
   allowed. All IPv4 client hosts belonging to domains starting
   with 12.23.45 are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRFLOAT_CLIENTS_ADDR_RANGE = 3ffe-*:fffe::88bb:*-ff\fR
.sp 2
   All IPv6 client hosts belonging to domains starting with 3ffe
   up to ffff and ending with 0 up to ff are allowed. No IPv4
   hosts are allowed.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Undefined. No security is enabled. Any host in any domain is
   allowed access to LSF floating client licenses.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_ENABLE_SUPPORT_IPV6
.sp 2
\fBHOST_INACTIVITY_LIMIT\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   HOST_INACTIVITY_LIMIT=\fIinteger\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Integer that is multiplied by EXINTERVAL, the time period you
   set for the communication between the master and slave LIMs to
   ensure all parties are functioning.
.sp 2
   A slave LIM can send its load information any time from
   EXINTERVAL to (HOST_INACTIVITY_LIMIT-1)*EXINTERVAL seconds. A
   master LIM sends a master announce to each host at least every
   EXINTERVAL*HOST_INACTIVITY_LIMIT seconds.
.sp 2
   The HOST_INACTIVITY_LIMIT must be greater than or equal to 2.
.sp 2
   Increase or decrease the host inactivity limit to adjust for
   your tolerance for communication between master and slaves.
   For example, if you have hosts that frequently become
   inactive, decrease the host inactivity limit. Note that to get
   the right interval, you may also have to adjust your
   EXINTERVAL.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   5
.sp 2
\fBLSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME=\fIseconds\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   UNIX only; used when the external load indices feature is
   enabled.
.sp 2
   Maximum amount of time the master external load information
   manager (MELIM) waits for a complete load update string from
   an elim executable. After the time period specified by
   LSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME, the MELIM writes the last string sent by
   an elim in the LIM log file (lim.log.\fIhost_name\fR) and
   restarts the elim.
.sp 2
   Defining LSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME also triggers the MELIM to restart
   elim executables if the elim does not write a complete load
   update string within the time specified for
   LSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME.
.sp 2 .SH "Valid Values"
\fBValid Values\fR
.sp 2
   Non-negative integers. For example, if your elim writes
   name-value pairs with 1 second intervals between them, and
   your elim reports 12 load indices, allow at least 12 seconds
   for the elim to finish writing the entire load update string.
   In this case, define LSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME as 15 seconds or more.
.sp 2
   A value of 0 indicates that the MELIM expects to receive the
   entire load string all at once.
.sp 2
   If you comment out or delete LSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME, the MELIM
   waits 2 seconds for a complete load update string.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   4 seconds
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_ELIM_RESTARTS to limit how many times the ELIM can be
   restarted.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_ELIM_DEBUG\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_ELIM_DEBUG=y
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   UNIX only; used when the external load indices feature is
   enabled.
.sp 2
   When this parameter is set to \fRy\fR, all external load
   information received by the load information manager (LIM)
   from the master external load information manager (MELIM) is
   logged in the LIM log file (lim.log.\fIhost_name\fR).
.sp 2
   Defining LSF_ELIM_DEBUG also triggers the MELIM to restart
   elim executables if the elim does not write a complete load
   update string within the time specified for
   LSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Undefined; external load information sent by an to the MELIM
   is not logged.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME to configure how long LIM waits before
   restarting the ELIM.
.sp 2
   LSF_ELIM_RESTARTS to limit how many times the ELIM can be
   restarted.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_ELIM_RESTARTS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_ELIM_RESTARTS=\fIinteger\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   UNIX only; used when the external load indices feature is
   enabled.
.sp 2
   Maximum number of times the master external load information
   manager (MELIM) can restart elim executables on a host.
   Defining this parameter prevents an ongoing restart loop in
   the case of a faulty elim. The MELIM waits the
   LSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME to receive a complete load update string
   before restarting the elim. The MELIM does not restart any
   elim executables that exit with ELIM_ABORT_VALUE.
.sp 2
      \fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
         Either LSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME or LSF_ELIM_DEBUG must also be
         defined; defining these parameters triggers the MELIM to
         restart elim executables.
.sp 2 .SH "Valid Values"
\fBValid Values\fR
.sp 2
   Non-negative integers.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Undefined; the number of elim restarts is unlimited.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_ELIM_BLOCKTIME, LSF_ELIM_DEBUG
.sp 2
\fBLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE=\fIIP_address\fR ...
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Identifies the range of IP addresses that are allowed to be
   LSF hosts that can be dynamically added to or removed from the
   cluster.
.sp 2
      \fBCAUTION: \fR
.sp 2
         To enable dynamically added hosts after installation,
         you must define LSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE in
         lsf.cluster.cluster_name, and LSF_DYNAMIC_HOST_WAIT_TIME
         in lsf.conf. If you enable dynamic hosts during
         installation, you must define an IP address range after
         installation to enable security.
.sp 2
   If a value is defined, security for dynamically adding and
   removing hosts is enabled, and only hosts with IP addresses
   within the specified range can be added to or removed from a
   cluster dynamically.
.sp 2
   Specify an IP address or range of addresses, using either a
   dotted quad notation (IPv4) or IP Next Generation (IPv6)
   format. LSF supports both formats; you do not have to map IPv4
   addresses to an IPv6 format. Multiple ranges can be defined,
   separated by spaces.
.sp 2
      \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
         To use IPv6 addresses, you must define the parameter
         LSF_ENABLE_SUPPORT_IPV6 in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   If there is an error in the configuration of
   LSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE (for example, an address range is not in
   the correct format), no host will be allowed to join the
   cluster dynamically and an error message will be logged in the
   LIM log. Address ranges are validated at startup,
   reconfiguration, or restart, so they must conform to the
   required format.
.sp 2
   If a requesting host belongs to an IP address that falls in
   the specified range, the host will be accepted to become a
   dynamic LSF host.
.sp 2
   IP addresses are separated by spaces, and considered "OR"
   alternatives.
.sp 2
   If you define the parameter LSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE with:
.sp 2
     o  
         No range specified, all IPv4 and IPv6 clients are
         allowed.
.sp 2
     o  
         Only an IPv4 range specified, only IPv4 clients within
         the range are allowed.
.sp 2
     o  
         Only an IPv6 range specified, only IPv6 clients within
         the range are allowed.
.sp 2
     o  
         Both an IPv6 and IPv4 range specified, IPv6 and IPv4
         clients within the ranges are allowed.
.sp 2
   The asterisk (*) character indicates any value is allowed.
.sp 2
   The dash (-) character indicates an explicit range of values.
   For example 1-4 indicates 1,2,3,4 are allowed.
.sp 2
   Open ranges such as *-30, or 10-*, are allowed.
.sp 2
   For IPv6 addresses, the double colon symbol (::) indicates
   multiple groups of 16-bits of zeros. You can also use (::) to
   compress leading and trailing zeros in an address filter, as
   shown in the following example:
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE=1080::8:800:20fc:*\fR
.sp 2
   This definition allows hosts with addresses
   1080:0:0:0:8:800:20fc:* (three leading zeros).
.sp 2
   You cannot use the double colon (::) more than once within an
   IP address. You cannot use a zero before or after (::). For
   example, 1080:0::8:800:20fc:* is not a valid address.
.sp 2
   If a range is specified with fewer fields than an IP address
   such as 10.161, it is considered as 10.161.*.*.
.sp 2
   This parameter is limited to 2048 characters.
.sp 2 .SH "Notes"
\fBNotes\fR
.sp 2
   After you configure LSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE, check the
   lim.log.\fIhost_name\fR file to make sure this parameter is
   correctly set. If this parameter is not set or is wrong, this
   will be indicated in the log file.
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE=100\fR
.sp 2
   All IPv4 and IPv6 hosts with a domain address starting with
   100 will be allowed access.
.sp 2
     o  
         To specify only IPv4 hosts, set the value to \fR100.*\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         To specify only IPv6 hosts, set the value to \fR100:*\fR
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE=100-110.34.1-10.4-56\fR
.sp 2
   All hosts belonging to a domain with an address having the
   first number between 100 and 110, then 34, then a number
   between 1 and 10, then, a number between 4 and 56 will be
   allowed access. No IPv6 hosts are allowed. Example:
   100.34.9.45, 100.34.1.4, 102.34.3.20, etc.
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE=100.172.1.13 100.*.30-54
   124.24-*.1.*-34\fR
.sp 2
   The host with the address 100.172.1.13 will be allowed access.
   All hosts belonging to domains starting with 100, then any
   number, then a range of 30 to 54 will be allowed access. All
   hosts belonging to domains starting with 124, then from 24
   onward, then 1, then from 0 to 34 will be allowed access. No
   IPv6 hosts are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE=12.23.45.*\fR
.sp 2
   All hosts belonging to domains starting with 12.23.45 are
   allowed. No IPv6 hosts are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE=100.*43\fR
.sp 2
   The \fR*\fR character can only be used to indicate any value.
   The format of this example is not correct, and an error will
   be inserted in the LIM log and no hosts will be able to join
   the cluster dynamically. No IPv6 hosts are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE=100.*43 100.172.1.13\fR
.sp 2
   Although one correct address range is specified, because *43
   is not correct format, the entire line is considered not
   valid. An error will be inserted in the LIM log and no hosts
   will be able to join the cluster dynamically. No IPv6 hosts
   are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE = 3ffe\fR
.sp 2
   All client IPv6 hosts with a domain address starting with 3ffe
   will be allowed access. No IPv4 hosts are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE = 3ffe:fffe::88bb:*\fR
.sp 2
   Expands to 3ffe:fffe:0:0:0:0:88bb:*.All IPv6 client hosts
   belonging to domains starting with 3ffe:fffe::88bb:* are
   allowed. No IPv4 hosts are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE = 3ffe-4fff:fffe::88bb:aa-ff
   12.23.45.*\fR
.sp 2
   All IPv6 client hosts belonging to domains starting with 3ffe
   up to 4fff, then fffe::88bb, and ending with aa up to ff are
   allowed. IPv4 client hosts belonging to domains starting with
   12.23.45 are allowed.
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_HOST_ADDR_RANGE = 3ffe-*:fffe::88bb:*-ff\fR
.sp 2
   All IPv6 client hosts belonging to domains starting with 3ffe
   up to ffff and ending with 0 up to ff are allowed. No IPv4
   hosts are allowed.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Undefined (dynamic host feature disabled). If you enable
   dynamic hosts during installation, no security is enabled and
   all hosts can join the cluster.
.sp 2 .SH "See also"
\fBSee also\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_ENABLE_SUPPORT_IPV6
.sp 2
\fBMASTER_INACTIVITY_LIMIT\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   MASTER_INACTIVITY_LIMIT=\fIinteger\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   An integer reflecting a multiple of EXINTERVAL. A slave will
   attempt to become master if it does not hear from the previous
   master after (HOST_INACTIVITY_LIMIT
   +\fIhost_number\fR*MASTER_INACTIVITY_LIMIT)*EXINTERVAL
   seconds, where \fIhost_number\fR is the position of the host
   in lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR.
.sp 2
   The master host is \fIhost_number\fR 0.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   2
.sp 2
\fBPROBE_TIMEOUT\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   PROBE_TIMEOUT=\fItime_in_seconds\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Specifies the timeout in seconds to be used for the
   \fRconnect\fR(2) system call
.sp 2
   Before taking over as the master, a slave LIM will try to
   connect to the last known master via TCP.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   2 seconds
.sp 2
\fBPRODUCTS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   PRODUCTS=\fIproduct_name\fR ...
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Specifies the LSF products and features that the cluster will
   run (you must also have a license for every product you want
   to run). The list of items is separated by space.
.sp 2
   The PRODUCTS parameter is set automatically during
   installation to include core features. Here are some of the
   optional products and features that can be specified:
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_Make
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_MultiCluster
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_Base LSF_Manager LSF_Make
.sp 2
\fBRETRY_LIMIT\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   RETRY_LIMIT=\fIinteger\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Integer reflecting a multiple of EXINTERVAL that controls the
   number of retries a master or slave LIM makes before assuming
   that the slave or master is unavailable.
.sp 2
   If the master does not hear from a slave for
   HOST_INACTIVITY_LIMIT exchange intervals, it will actively
   poll the slave for RETRY_LIMIT exchange intervals before it
   will declare the slave as unavailable. If a slave does not
   hear from the master for HOST_INACTIVITY_LIMIT exchange
   intervals, it will actively poll the master for RETRY_LIMIT
   intervals before assuming that the master is down.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   2
.sp 2
\fBClusterAdmins section\fR
.sp 2
   (Optional) The \fRClusterAdmins\fR section defines the LSF
   administrators for the cluster. The only keyword is
   ADMINISTRATORS.
.sp 2
   If the \fRClusterAdmins\fR section is not present, the default
   LSF administrator is root. Using root as the primary LSF
   administrator is not recommended.
.sp 2
\fBADMINISTRATORS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   ADMINISTRATORS=\fIadministrator_name ...\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Specify UNIX user names.
.sp 2
   You can also specify UNIX user group names, Windows user
   names, and Windows user group names.To specify a Windows user
   account or user group, include the domain name in uppercase
   letters (\fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_name\fR or
   \fIDOMAIN_NAME\fR\\\fIuser_group\fR).
.sp 2
   The first administrator of the expanded list is considered the
   primary LSF administrator. The primary administrator is the
   owner of the LSF configuration files, as well as the working
   files under LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR. If the primary
   administrator is changed, make sure the owner of the
   configuration files and the files under
   LSB_SHAREDIR/\fIcluster_name\fR are changed as well.
.sp 2
   Administrators other than the primary LSF administrator have
   the same privileges as the primary LSF administrator except
   that they do not have permission to change LSF configuration
   files. They can perform clusterwide operations on jobs,
   queues, or hosts in the system.
.sp 2
   For flexibility, each cluster may have its own LSF
   administrators, identified by a user name, although the same
   administrators can be responsible for several clusters.
.sp 2
   Use the -l option of the lsclusters command to display all of
   the administrators within a cluster.
.sp 2
   Windows domain:
.sp 2
     o  
         If the specified user or user group is a domain
         administrator, member of the \fRPower Users\fR group or
         a group with domain administrative privileges, the
         specified user or user group must belong to the LSF user
         domain.
.sp 2
     o  
         If the specified user or user group is a user or user
         group with a lower degree of privileges than outlined in
         the previous point, the user or user group must belong
         to the LSF user domain and be part of the Global Admins
         group.
.sp 2
         Windows workgroup
.sp 2
     o  
         If the specified user or user group is not a workgroup
         administrator, member of the \fRPower Users\fR group, or
         a group with administrative privileges on each host, the
         specified user or user group must belong to the Local
         Admins group on each host.
.sp 2 .SH "Compatibility"
\fBCompatibility\fR
.sp 2
   For backwards compatibility, ClusterManager and Manager are
   synonyms for \fRClusterAdmins\fR and ADMINISTRATORS
   respectively. It is possible to have both sections present in
   the same lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR file to allow daemons
   from different LSF versions to share the same file.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   The following gives an example of a cluster with two LSF
   administrators. The user listed first, user2, is the primary
   administrator.
.sp 2
   Begin ClusterAdmins 
.sp 2
   ADMINISTRATORS = user2 user7 
.sp 2
   End ClusterAdmins
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   lsfadmin
.sp 2
\fBHost section\fR
.sp 2
   The Host section is the last section in
   lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR and is the only required
   section. It lists all the hosts in the cluster and gives
   configuration information for each host.
.sp 2
   The order in which the hosts are listed in this section is
   important, because the first host listed becomes the LSF
   master host. Since the master LIM makes all placement
   decisions for the cluster, it should be on a fast machine.
.sp 2
   The LIM on the first host listed becomes the master LIM if
   this host is up; otherwise, that on the second becomes the
   master if its host is up, and so on. Also, to avoid the delays
   involved in switching masters if the first machine goes down,
   the master should be on a reliable machine. It is desirable to
   arrange the list such that the first few hosts in the list are
   always in the same subnet. This avoids a situation where the
   second host takes over as master when there are communication
   problems between subnets.
.sp 2
   Configuration information is of two types:
.sp 2
     o  
         Some fields in a host entry simply describe the machine
         and its configuration.
.sp 2
     o  
         Other fields set thresholds for various resources.
.sp 2 .SH "Example Host section"
\fBExample Host section\fR
.sp 2
   This example Host section contains descriptive and threshold
   information for three hosts:
.sp 2
   Begin Host 
.sp 2
   HOSTNAME   model    type   server r1m pg tmp RESOURCES        RUNWINDOW 
.sp 2
   hostA      SparcIPC Sparc  1      3.5 15   0 (sunos frame)    () 
.sp 2
   hostD      Sparc10  Sparc  1      3.5 15   0 (sunos)          (5:18:30-1:8:30) 
.sp 2
   hostD      !        !      1      2.0 10   0 ()               () 
.sp 2
   hostE      !        !      1      2.0 10   0 (linux !bigmem)  () 
.sp 2
   End Host
.sp 2 .SH "Descriptive fields"
\fBDescriptive fields\fR
.sp 2
   The following fields are required in the Host section:
.sp 2
     o  
         HOSTNAME
.sp 2
     o  
         RESOURCES
.sp 2
     o  
         type
.sp 2
     o  
         model
.sp 2
   The following fields are optional:
.sp 2
     o  
         server
.sp 2
     o  
         nd
.sp 2
     o  
         RUNWINDOW
.sp 2
     o  
         REXPRI
.sp 2
\fBHOSTNAME\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Official name of the host as returned by \fRhostname\fR(1)
.sp 2
   The name must be listed in lsf.shared as belonging to this
   cluster.
.sp 2
\fBmodel\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Host model
.sp 2
   The name must be defined in the HostModel section of
   lsf.shared. This determines the CPU speed scaling factor
   applied in load and placement calculations.
.sp 2
   Optionally, the ! keyword for the model or type column,
   indicates that the host model or type is to be automatically
   detected by the LIM running on the host.
.sp 2
\fBnd\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Number of local disks
.sp 2
   This corresponds to the ndisks static resource. On most host
   types, LSF automatically determines the number of disks, and
   the nd parameter is ignored.
.sp 2
   nd should only count local disks with file systems on them. Do
   not count either disks used only for swapping or disks mounted
   with NFS.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   The number of disks determined by the LIM, or 1 if the LIM
   cannot determine this
.sp 2
\fBRESOURCES\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   The static Boolean resources and static or dynamic numeric and
   string resources available on this host.
.sp 2
   The resource names are strings defined in the Resource section
   of lsf.shared. You may list any number of resources, enclosed
   in parentheses and separated by blanks or tabs. For example:
.sp 2
   (fs frame hpux)
.sp 2
   Optionally, you can specify an exclusive resource by prefixing
   the resource with an exclamation mark (!). For example,
   resource bigmem is defined in lsf.shared, and is defined as an
   exclusive resource for \fRhostE\fR:
.sp 2
   Begin Host
.sp 2
   HOSTNAME   model    type   server r1m pg tmp RESOURCES        RUNWINDOW
.sp 2
   ...
.sp 2
   hostE      !        !      1      2.0 10   0 (linux !bigmem)  ()
.sp 2
   ...
.sp 2
   End Host
.sp 2
   Square brackets are not valid and the resource name must be
   alphanumeric.
.sp 2
   You must explicitly specify the exclusive resources in the
   resource requirements for the job to select a host with an
   exclusive resource for a job. For example:
.sp 2
   bsub -R "bigmem" myjob
.sp 2
   or
.sp 2
   bsub -R "defined(bigmem)" myjob
.sp 2
   You can specify static and dynamic numeric and string
   resources in the resource column of the Host clause. For
   example:
.sp 2
   Begin   Host
.sp 2
   HOSTNAME  model type server r1m  mem  swp RESOURCES  #Keywords
.sp 2
   hostA     !     !    1      3.5  ()   ()  (mg elimres patchrev=3 owner=user1)
.sp 2
   hostB     !     !    1      3.5  ()   ()  (specman=5 switch=1 owner=test)
.sp 2
   hostC     !     !    1      3.5  ()   ()  (switch=2 rack=rack2_2_3 owner=test)
.sp 2
   hostD     !     !    1      3.5  ()   ()  (switch=1 rack=rack2_2_3 owner=test)
.sp 2
   End     Host
.sp 2
\fBREXPRI\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   UNIX only
.sp 2
   Default execution priority for interactive remote jobs run
   under the RES
.sp 2
   The range is from -20 to 20. REXPRI corresponds to the
   BSD-style nice value used for remote jobs. For hosts with
   System V-style nice values with the range 0 - 39, a REXPRI of
   -20 corresponds to a nice value of 0, and +20 corresponds to
   39. Higher values of REXPRI correspond to lower execution
   priority; -20 gives the highest priority, 0 is the default
   priority for login sessions, and +20 is the lowest priority.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   0
.sp 2
\fBRUNWINDOW\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Dispatch window for interactive tasks.
.sp 2
   When the host is not available for remote execution, the host
   status is \fRlockW\fR (locked by run window). LIM does not
   schedule interactive tasks on hosts locked by dispatch
   windows. Run windows only apply to interactive tasks placed by
   LIM. The LSF batch system uses its own (optional) host
   dispatch windows to control batch job processing on batch
   server hosts.
.sp 2 .SH "Format"
\fBFormat\fR
.sp 2
   A dispatch window consists of one or more time windows in the
   format \fIbegin_time\fR-\fIend_time\fR. No blanks can separate
   \fIbegin_time\fR and \fIend_time\fR. Time is specified in the
   form [\fIday\fR:]\fIhour\fR[:\fIminute\fR]. If only one field
   is specified, LSF assumes it is an \fIhour\fR. Two fields are
   assumed to be \fIhour\fR:\fIminute\fR. Use blanks to separate
   time windows.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Always accept remote jobs
.sp 2
\fBserver\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Indicates whether the host can receive jobs from other hosts
.sp 2
   Specify 1 if the host can receive jobs from other hosts;
   specify 0 otherwise. Servers that are set to 0 are LSF
   clients. Client hosts do not run the LSF daemons. Client hosts
   can submit interactive and batch jobs to the cluster, but they
   cannot execute jobs sent from other hosts.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   1
.sp 2
\fBtype\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Host type as defined in the HostType section of lsf.shared
.sp 2
   The strings used for host types are determined by the system
   administrator: for example, SUNSOL, DEC, or HPPA. The host
   type is used to identify binary-compatible hosts.
.sp 2
   The host type is used as the default resource requirement.
   That is, if no resource requirement is specified in a
   placement request, the task is run on a host of the same type
   as the sending host.
.sp 2
   Often one host type can be used for many machine models. For
   example, the host type name SUNSOL6 might be used for any
   computer with a SPARC processor running SunOS 6. This would
   include many Sun models and quite a few from other vendors as
   well.
.sp 2
   Optionally, the ! keyword for the model or type column,
   indicates that the host model or type is to be automatically
   detected by the LIM running on the host.
.sp 2
\fBThreshold fields\fR
.sp 2
   The LIM uses these thresholds in determining whether to place
   remote jobs on a host. If one or more LSF load indices exceeds
   the corresponding threshold (too many users, not enough swap
   space, etc.), then the host is regarded as busy, and LIM will
   not recommend jobs to that host.
.sp 2
   The CPU run queue length threshold values (r15s, r1m, and
   r15m) are taken as effective queue lengths as reported by
   lsload -E.
.sp 2
   All of these fields are optional; you only need to configure
   thresholds for load indices that you wish to use for
   determining whether hosts are busy. Fields that are not
   configured are not considered when determining host status.
   The keywords for the threshold fields are not case sensitive.
.sp 2
   Thresholds can be set for any of the following:
.sp 2
     o  
         The built-in LSF load indexes (\fRr15s\fR, \fRr1m\fR,
         \fRr15m\fR, \fRut\fR, \fRpg\fR, \fRit\fR, \fRio\fR,
         \fRls\fR, \fRswp\fR, \fRmem\fR, \fRtmp\fR)
.sp 2
     o  
         External load indexes defined in the Resource section of
         lsf.shared
.sp 2
\fBResourceMap section\fR
.sp 2
   The ResourceMap section defines shared resources in your
   cluster. This section specifies the mapping between shared
   resources and their sharing hosts. When you define resources
   in the Resources section of lsf.shared, there is no
   distinction between a shared and non-shared resource. By
   default, all resources are not shared and are local to each
   host. By defining the ResourceMap section, you can define
   resources that are shared by all hosts in the cluster or
   define resources that are shared by only some of the hosts in
   the cluster.
.sp 2
   This section must appear after the Host section of
   lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR, because it has a dependency on
   host names defined in the Host section.
.sp 2 .SH "ResourceMap section structure"
\fBResourceMap section structure\fR
.sp 2
   The first line consists of the keywords RESOURCENAME and
   LOCATION. Subsequent lines describe the hosts that are
   associated with each configured resource.
.sp 2 .SH "Example ResourceMap section"
\fBExample ResourceMap section\fR
.sp 2
   Begin ResourceMap 
.sp 2
   RESOURCENAME   LOCATION 
.sp 2
   verilog        (5@[all]) 
.sp 2
   local          ([host1 host2] [others]) 
.sp 2
   End ResourceMap
.sp 2
   The resource \fRverilog \fRmust already be defined in the
   RESOURCE section of the lsf.shared file. It is a static
   numeric resource shared by all hosts. The value for
   \fRverilog\fR is 5. The resource \fRlocal\fR is a numeric
   shared resource that contains two instances in the cluster.
   The first instance is shared by two machines, \fRhost1\fR and
   \fRhost2\fR. The second instance is shared by all other hosts.
.sp 2
   Resources defined in the ResourceMap section can be viewed by
   using the -s option of the lshosts (for static resource) and
   lsload (for dynamic resource) commands.
.sp 2
\fBLOCATION\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Defines the hosts that share the resource
.sp 2
   For a static resource, you must define an initial value here
   as well. Do not define a value for a dynamic resource.
.sp 2
   \fIinstance\fR is a list of host names that share an instance
   of the resource. The reserved words all, others, and default
   can be specified for the instance:
.sp 2
   all — Indicates that there is only one instance of the
   resource in the whole cluster and that this resource is shared
   by all of the hosts
.sp 2
   Use the not operator (~) to exclude hosts from the all
   specification. For example:
.sp 2
   (2@[all ~host3 ~host4])
.sp 2
   means that 2 units of the resource are shared by all server
   hosts in the cluster made up of \fRhost1 host2 ...\fR
   host\fIn\fR, except for \fRhost3\fR and \fRhost4\fR. This is
   useful if you have a large cluster but only want to exclude a
   few hosts.
.sp 2
   The parentheses are required in the specification. The not
   operator can only be used with the all keyword. It is not
   valid with the keywords others and default.
.sp 2
   others — Indicates that the rest of the server hosts not
   explicitly listed in the LOCATION field comprise one instance
   of the resource
.sp 2
   For example:
.sp 2
   2@[host1] 4@[others] 
.sp 2
   indicates that there are 2 units of the resource on
   \fRhost1\fR and 4 units of the resource shared by all other
   hosts.
.sp 2
   default — Indicates an instance of a resource on each host in
   the cluster
.sp 2
   This specifies a special case where the resource is in effect
   not shared and is local to every host. default means at each
   host. Normally, you should not need to use default, because by
   default all resources are local to each host. You might want
   to use ResourceMap for a non-shared static resource if you
   need to specify different values for the resource on different
   hosts.
.sp 2
\fBRESOURCENAME\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Name of the resource
.sp 2
   This resource name must be defined in the Resource section of
   lsf.shared. You must specify at least a name and description
   for the resource, using the keywords RESOURCENAME and
   DESCRIPTION.
.sp 2
     o  
         A resource name cannot begin with a number.
.sp 2
     o  
         A resource name cannot contain any of the following
         characters:
.sp 2
         :  .  (  )  [  +  - *  /  !  &  | <  >  @  =
.sp 2
     o  
         A resource name cannot be any of the following reserved
         names:
.sp 2
         cpu cpuf io logins ls idle maxmem maxswp maxtmp type model status it 
.sp 2
         mem ncpus define_ncpus_cores define_ncpus_procs 
.sp 2
         define_ncpus_threads ndisks pg r15m r15s r1m swap swp tmp ut
.sp 2
     o  
         To avoid conflict with inf and nan keywords in 3rd-party
         libraries, resource names should not begin with inf or
         nan (upper case or lower case). Resource requirment
         strings, such as \fR-R "infra"\fR or \fR-R "nano"\fR
         will cause an error. Use \fR-R "defined(infxx)"\fR or
         \fR-R "defined(nanxx)"\fR, to specify these resource
         names.
.sp 2
     o  
         Resource names are case sensitive
.sp 2
     o  
         Resource names can be up to 39 characters in length
.sp 2
\fBRemoteClusters section\fR
.sp 2
   Optional. This section is used only in a MultiCluster
   environment. By default, the local cluster can obtain
   information about all other clusters specified in lsf.shared.
   The RemoteClusters section limits the clusters that the local
   cluster can obtain information about.
.sp 2
   The RemoteClusters section is required if you want to
   configure cluster equivalency, cache interval, daemon
   authentication across clusters, or if you want to run parallel
   jobs across clusters. To maintain compatibility in this case,
   make sure the list includes all clusters specified in
   lsf.shared, even if you only configure the default behavior
   for some of the clusters.
.sp 2
   The first line consists of keywords. CLUSTERNAME is mandatory
   and the other parameters are optional.
.sp 2
   Subsequent lines configure the remote cluster.
.sp 2 .SH "Example RemoteClusters section"
\fBExample RemoteClusters section\fR
.sp 2
   Begin RemoteClusters
.sp 2
   CLUSTERNAME  EQUIV   CACHE_INTERVAL  RECV_FROM  AUTH
.sp 2
   cluster1       Y           60            Y      KRB
.sp 2
   cluster2       N           60            Y      -
.sp 2
   cluster4       N           60            N      PKI
.sp 2
   End RemoteClusters
.sp 2
\fBCLUSTERNAME\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Remote cluster name
.sp 2
   Defines the Remote Cluster list. Specify the clusters you want
   the local cluster will recognize. Recognized clusters must
   also be defined in lsf.shared. Additional clusters listed in
   lsf.shared but not listed here will be ignored by this
   cluster.
.sp 2
\fBEQUIV\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Specify ‘Y’ to make the remote cluster equivalent to the local
   cluster. Otherwise, specify ‘N’. The master LIM considers all
   equivalent clusters when servicing requests from clients for
   load, host, or placement information.
.sp 2
   EQUIV changes the default behavior of LSF commands and
   utilities and causes them to automatically return load
   (lsload(1)), host (lshosts(1)), or placement (lsplace(1))
   information about the remote cluster as well as the local
   cluster, even when you don’t specify a cluster name.
.sp 2
\fBCACHE_INTERVAL\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Specify the load information cache threshold, in seconds. The
   host information threshold is twice the value of the load
   information threshold.
.sp 2
   To reduce overhead and avoid updating information from remote
   clusters unnecessarily, LSF displays information in the cache,
   unless the information in the cache is older than the
   threshold value.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   60 (seconds)
.sp 2
\fBRECV_FROM\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Specifies whether the local cluster accepts parallel jobs that
   originate in a remote cluster
.sp 2
   RECV_FROM does not affect regular or interactive batch jobs.
.sp 2
   Specify ‘Y’ if you want to run parallel jobs across clusters.
   Otherwise, specify ‘N’.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Y
.sp 2
\fBAUTH\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Defines the preferred authentication method for LSF daemons
   communicating across clusters. Specify the same method name
   that is used to identify the corresponding eauth program
   (eauth.\fImethod_name\fR). If the remote cluster does not
   prefer the same method, LSF uses default security between the
   two clusters.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   - (only privileged port (setuid) authentication is used
   between clusters)
