
.ad l

.ll 72

.TH slave.config 5 September 2009" "" "Platform LSF Version 7.0.6"
.nh
\fBslave.config\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "About slave.config"
\fBAbout slave.config\fR
.sp 2
   Dynamically added LSF hosts that will not be master candidates
   are \fIslave hosts\fR. Each dynamic slave host has its own LSF
   binaries and local lsf.conf and shell environment scripts
   (cshrc.lsf and profile.lsf). You must install LSF on each
   slave host.
.sp 2
   The slave.config file contains options for installing and
   configuring a slave host that can be dynamically added or
   removed.
.sp 2
   Use lsfinstall -s -f slave.config to install LSF using the
   options specified in slave.config.
.sp 2 .SH "Template location"
\fBTemplate location\fR
.sp 2
   A template slave.config is located in the installation script
   directory created when you extract the LSF installation script
   tar file. Edit the file and uncomment the options you want in
   the template file. Replace the example values with your own
   settings to specify the options for your new LSF installation.
.sp 2
      \fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
         The sample values in the slave.config template file are
         examples only. They are not default installation values.
.sp 2 .SH "Format"
\fBFormat\fR
.sp 2
   Each entry in slave.config has the form:
.sp 2
   NAME="STRING1 STRING2 ..."
.sp 2
   The equal sign \fR=\fR must follow each \fRNAME\fR even if no
   value follows and there should be no spaces around the equal
   sign.
.sp 2
   A value that contains multiple strings separated by spaces
   must be enclosed in quotation marks.
.sp 2
   Blank lines and lines starting with a pound sign (\fR#\fR) are
   ignored.
.sp 2 .SH "Parameters"
\fBParameters\fR
.sp 2
     o  
         EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL
.sp 2
     o  
         ENABLE_EGO
.sp 2
     o  
         EP_BACKUP
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_ADMINS
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_LIM_PORT
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_SERVER_HOSTS
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_TARDIR
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF_TOP
.sp 2
\fBEGO_DAEMON_CONTROL\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fREGO_DAEMON_CONTROL="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Enables Platform EGO to control LSF res and sbatchd. Set the
   value to "Y" if you want EGO Service Controller to start res
   and sbatchd, and restart if they fail.
.sp 2
   All hosts in the cluster must use the same value for this
   parameter (this means the value of EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL in this
   file must be the same as the specification for
   EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL in install.config).
.sp 2
   To avoid conflicts, leave this parameter undefined if you use
   a script to start up LSF daemons.
.sp 2
      \fBNote: \fR
.sp 2
         If you specify EGO_ENABLE="N", this parameter is
         ignored.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   EGO_DAEMON_CONTROL="N"
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   N (res and sbatchd are started manually)
.sp 2

.sp 2
\fBENABLE_EGO\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRENABLE_EGO="Y"\fR | \fR"N"\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Enables Platform EGO functionality in the LSF cluster.
.sp 2
   ENABLE_EGO="Y" causes lsfinstall uncomment LSF_EGO_ENVDIR and
   sets LSF_ENABLE_EGO="Y" in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   ENABLE_EGO="N" causes lsfinstall to comment out LSF_EGO_ENVDIR
   and sets LSF_ENABLE_EGO="N" in lsf.conf.
.sp 2
   Set the value to "N" if you do not want to take advantage of
   the following LSF features that depend on EGO:
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF daemon control by EGO Service Controller
.sp 2
     o  
         EGO-enabled SLA scheduling
.sp 2
     o  
         Platform Management Console (PMC)
.sp 2
     o  
         LSF reporting
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Y (EGO is enabled in the LSF cluster)
.sp 2
\fBEP_BACKUP\fR
.sp 2
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fREP_BACKUP\fR="Y" | "N"
.sp 2
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Enables backup and rollback for enhancement packs. Set the
   value to "N" to disable backups when installing enhancement
   packs (you will not be able to roll back to the previous patch
   level after installing an EP, but you will still be able to
   roll back any fixes installed on the new EP).
.sp 2
   You may disable backups to speed up install time, to save disk
   space, or because you have your own methods to back up the
   cluster.
.sp 2
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   Y (backup and rollback are fully enabled)
.sp 2
\fBLSF_ADMINS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_ADMINS="\fR\fIuser_name \fR[ \fIuser_name ...
   \fR]\fR"\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Required. List of LSF administrators.
.sp 2
   The first user account name in the list is the primary LSF
   administrator. It cannot be the root user account.
.sp 2
   Typically this account is named lsfadmin. It owns the LSF
   configuration files and log files for job events. It also has
   permission to reconfigure LSF and to control batch jobs
   submitted by other users. It typically does not have authority
   to start LSF daemons. Usually, only root has permission to
   start LSF daemons.
.sp 2
   All the LSF administrator accounts must exist on all hosts in
   the cluster before you install LSF. Secondary LSF
   administrators are optional.
.sp 2 .SH "Valid Values"
\fBValid Values\fR
.sp 2
   Existing user accounts
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_ADMINS="lsfadmin user1 user2"
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   None—required variable
.sp 2
\fBLSF_LIM_PORT\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_LIM_PORT="\fR\fIport_number\fR\fR"\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   TCP service port for slave host.
.sp 2
   Use the same port number as LSF_LIM_PORT in lsf.conf on the
   master host.
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   7869
.sp 2
\fBLSF_SERVER_HOSTS\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_SERVER_HOSTS="\fR\fIhost_name \fR[ \fIhost_name
   ...\fR]\fR"\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Required for non-shared slave host installation. This
   parameter defines a list of hosts that can provide host and
   load information to client hosts. If you do not define this
   parameter, clients will contact the master LIM for host and
   load information. List of LSF server hosts in the cluster to
   be contacted.
.sp 2
   Recommended for large clusters to decrease the load on the
   master LIM. Do not specify the master host in the list. Client
   commands will query the LIMs on the LSF_SERVER_HOSTS, which
   off-loads traffic from the master LIM.
.sp 2
   Define this parameter to ensure that commands execute
   successfully when no LIM is running on the local host, or when
   the local LIM has just started.
.sp 2
   You should include the list of hosts defined in
   LSF_MASTER_LIST in lsf.conf; specify the primary master host
   last. For example:
.sp 2
   LSF_MASTER_LIST="lsfmaster hostE"
.sp 2
   LSF_SERVER_HOSTS="hostB hostC hostD hostE lsfmaster"
.sp 2
   Specify a list of host names two ways:
.sp 2
     o  
         Host names separated by spaces
.sp 2
     o  
         Name of a file containing a list of host names, one host
         per line.
.sp 2 .SH "Valid Values"
\fBValid Values\fR
.sp 2
   Any valid LSF host name
.sp 2 .SH "Examples"
\fBExamples\fR
.sp 2
   List of host names:
.sp 2
   LSF_SERVER_HOSTS="hosta hostb hostc hostd"
.sp 2
   Host list file:
.sp 2
   LSF_SERVER_HOSTS=:lsf_server_hosts
.sp 2
   The file lsf_server_hosts contains a list of hosts:
.sp 2
   hosta hostb hostc hostd
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   None
.sp 2
\fBLSF_TARDIR\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_TARDIR="/\fR\fIpath\fR\fR"\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Full path to the directory containing the LSF distribution tar
   files.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_TARDIR="/usr/local/lsf_distrib"
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   The parent directory of the current working directory. For
   example, if lsfinstall is running under
   usr/share/lsf_distrib/lsf_lsfinstall the LSF_TARDIR default
   value is usr/share/lsf_distrib.
.sp 2
\fBLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES="\fR\fIresource\fR ...\fR"\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Defines instances of local resources residing on the slave
   host.
.sp 2
     o  
         For numeric resources, define name-value pairs:
.sp 2
         "[resourcemap value*resource_name]"
.sp 2
     o  
         For Boolean resources, define the resource name in the
         form:
.sp 2
         "[resource resource_name]"
.sp 2
   When the slave host calls the master host to add itself, it
   also reports its local resources. The local resources to be
   added must be defined in lsf.shared.
.sp 2
   If the same resource is already defined in lsf.shared as
   default or all, it cannot be added as a local resource. The
   shared resource overrides the local one.
.sp 2
      \fBTip: \fR
.sp 2
         LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES is usually set in the slave.config
         file during installation. If LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES are
         already defined in a local lsf.conf on the slave host,
         lsfinstall does not add resources you define in
         LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES in slave.config. You should not have
         duplicate LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES entries in lsf.conf. If
         local resources are defined more than once, only the
         last definition is valid.
.sp 2
      \fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
         Resources must already be mapped to hosts in the
         ResourceMap section of lsf.cluster.\fIcluster_name\fR.
         If the ResourceMap section does not exist, local
         resources are not added.
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_LOCAL_RESOURCES="[resourcemap 1*verilog] [resource linux]"
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   None
.sp 2
\fBLSF_TOP\fR
.sp 2

.sp 2 .SH "Syntax"
\fBSyntax\fR
.sp 2
   \fRLSF_TOP="/\fR\fIpath\fR\fR"\fR
.sp 2 .SH "Description"
\fBDescription\fR
.sp 2
   Required. Full path to the top-level LSF installation
   directory.
.sp 2
      \fBImportant: \fR
.sp 2
         You must use the same path for every slave host you
         install.
.sp 2 .SH "Valid value"
\fBValid value\fR
.sp 2
   The path to LSF_TOP cannot be the root directory (/).
.sp 2 .SH "Example"
\fBExample\fR
.sp 2
   LSF_TOP="/usr/local/lsf"
.sp 2 .SH "Default"
\fBDefault\fR
.sp 2
   None—required variable 
